tion of plot, the building up of incident upon incident, to make
a story, Which, likely as not, serves only to enable the author
to use his plot; Polti seems to $5911} the artistic use of plot
to interest readers in the expression of the author’s outlook on
or opinion of a certain aspect of a moral issue. I have tried to
ﬁnd words to express what I understand as a dramatic or story
situation. Tentatively I oﬂ’er it that a situation results, in the
course of action of a story or a play, when the characters are
brought together, as a logical outhme of preceding incidents of
the story, so that their contrasting qualities are proved to
readers, and the central character is faced with a decision to
be made, or a change to he suffered, or an obstacle to be oyer- '
come, and an end that the reader or spectator desiree, or antici-

' pates, or dreads, is made imminent.

It also came to me as I pondered somerof Polti’s sub-cinssi-
ﬁcations, that often the business of the story maker, and some-
times the art of the story artist, consists in making the inex-
plicable seem explicablei As a corollary I wondered if art in
story writing and play writing does not consist in the gagge-
ment, of facts or incidents, which may or may not have any
basis in actuality, in order to convey to readen a notion of
the author’s that either changes or emphasizes the moral atti-
tude of the reader toward the universe.

I must offer a word of sympathy to the few readers who
expect to ﬁnd in this book a list of plots—such a list as would
make needless the use of one’s power of invention or one's im-
agination. Polti’s work is more than the list of plots you hoped
to ﬁnd: it is a thought engine, an engine that even Goethe and
Gozzi would have used to burnish their conceptions of life, and
the possible complexities of human existence. If you came to
“The Thirty-Six Dramatic Situations" to ﬁnd a story ready:
made, I beg you stay‘to have your wits sharpened and your
power of invention stimulated.

The work to which Polti refers in the Conclusion, “The Laws
of Literary Invention,” has not yet been published. I hope that
when France has served civilization to the full, Polti may be
living to ﬁnish this other book.

WILLIAM R. KANE.
December lst, 1916.

 

