 

 

PLOT GENIE

enough to 5:: it. In anther words, shuuld he re~read the story, ha shoald
be able to. say to himseﬁ, “It is very plain who cammixteﬁ the crime:
Why ‘didn’t I SEE that befare?" The: {310: sf the detectivamygmry
stu‘ry must of ncccssity be mare or less mechanical and it should con-
téi'n no long descriptions a: character sketches, which hold up! thc
action and damn: attsmicm from the main purpose». which is as
S. S. Van Dim: puts it, “To state a probiem, analyze it, emci bring it
w a successful conclusion.”

Low: interest, if intraducccft at 2;“ in the detectivwmystery stary,
should ht: subordinated. The problem in a story of this kind is mm
to enable: a muplc to zemm'e the cbxtacles tn thair lave, but to bring
a criminal to the bar of justice‘ Therefme, lave interest: should be
merciy Encidentah Th: authm is no better than a practical joker who
writes a detectivevmystcry star)? in. which the crime turns out to be
azz accident at a suicide. There must have been a real crime com»
mined, tiacked by a {towerfui motive.

N01“ ALL MURﬁm STQRIES

Detect1ive~mystery stories (39 not necessatiiy all dual with a mur-
dag..1t has been discovered that ana-ha§f éf a1} detcctive staries am
murder stories, one~foutth are mbheries, and the other ume-faurth are
such misceﬂaneous wrcngdoings ga‘fcrgery; counterfeiting, biack~
maﬁ, arson, dymmiting, and. béﬁy-suatching. W's have classiﬁeé these
miner crimcts undar‘four hsads, as foliaws: Rabbery, forgery, égm
structi‘on uf pmperty, and kidnapgiing, and in the gmcral directions
which are to bf: fmmd 0:1 another page, the reader wili ﬁnd mm—
plcte instrucrians how m proceed; if’he desires m use this Formula
and Index to plot a datectivvmystery story which deals with some
Crime other than murder.

01‘ coursc, the mast interesting and perhaps the'mcsst salable are
thasa dctectivc»mystery stories which dead with the proposition 9f
murder. Thr: victim is usually dead when the story begins, unless
the prabiem may be a matter of preventing a crime. In any event,

[14]

 

 

