 

 

D F T E C T 1 V F. ~ M Y S T E RY

THE DETECTIVE MYSTERY STORY

The madem dctectivmmystery sfory, in addition to being an in-
tcrasting narrativq must have thg ardded imam: 9f being more at
less of a gucssing cunmst. In other woréé, the: story and pic: must
be so constructsti that the: rsadar has am opportunixy to match his. wits
with the dctective 0r inverstigamr, against the criminal, 0: against
these of the detective in ﬁnding a solution 0f the crimc.

Because they combine the excitement of this chase: with the satisw
faction, (If wlnﬁing {war an éwppcmsnt in a game that requims mental
activity, distucti-vc-mystery stories which dent with Kim hunting dawn
m? criminals have always been popular. There is the primeval in‘
Stine: of a hunmr in almost nvcry man and we ﬁnd it both thrilling
and fascinating to watch and lie in wait and then suddenly pounce
uyou the, quarry whm it bﬂievcs itself safe. I: is a case of match
cunning against cunning, The ddight that maxi take. in solving in~
tricat'c puzzles is one sf the vita} manifestations of the haw at nature,
which demands a survival {1f the: ﬁttsst‘. W’hcn mankind shall arriw:
at the summit 6f civilization anti. csase t0 crave fer sxcitcmcnt‘m to
mks; part in ccnmm for supsriority, before him wili be cnly the
down grade to mama} and physical degeneracy"

A&EItunnVVolfe, a nmmber of tin: fammts French Suretc anc’i whose
articles have agspearcd in the American W’eckly, has made same very
intarcsting comments upon, the writing of dctesctivc—mysmry stories.
He says: “That: is at the present moment great internst in mystery
dramas cm ﬁn: stag: anti (ietactive stories in ﬁction. It is an intercsp
ing fact that thc superihuman cxplaits 0f the famous detectives of,
ﬁctien have hacl a pmfaund inﬂuence upon the routine achievements
of modem real life detectivesmat ieast in same: of the cities of.
Europe where technical scientiﬁc palica Eaboratories and crime ex-
parts arc: maintained.

“Curiously enough, most writcrs of dcttctive' starics have mani~
fasted. a daciﬁeé preference: fa: what has beer: tcrméd analysis and

[9]

 

 

