 

 

D F T E C T 1 V F. ~ M Y S T E RY

the other suspects, who should be mate 0: less sympathetic char~
acters, are absolved, and a logical explanatian’ given for their previous
apparently suspicious actionse Then, thcm is a thriuing capturedf
the: ma} criminal, who should pmve to I): also a person of impurtafmc
and mm Wm would not ordinarily be mspecteﬁ 0f committing such a
crime. if {ha mmive of tim criminai, when disciws-cd, pmvcs to 13¢ a
strange" one novskty 2? added t0 the story. «

The anﬂmr shguld regard the writing vi a detective mystsry story
in the light of a game. or sporting event: anti should nu: trick 0: de~
calm the reader. On the other hand, he must {mtwit the reader in-
geniousiy~am§givc him an cqual oppcrmnity with the detective in-
solving the mystery. Thurs should bx: no hidden clues known m the
detective only. but an 91‘ them should be plainly stated am“! dgscribsi
Only such tricks ané dacagﬁons ass are played Icgitimateiy by me
criminai im the déi‘ectivc may in: playcd on thf: reader.

The criminal: or guilty person slmuki nut hr: a surprise character
who: is brought mm the Stmy :1: the last. but should be om: Who has
played a more or less prominmt part in the stery from the beginning
In othar wards. he should be a parser; with whom me reaﬂer 15
familiar and m Wham he takes an imgrest ‘

There should be (mly 0m: detective an‘d eniy one criminaL The
latttr may, uf course, have a number m? accompiices amnng whom
there may be, if desired, professional crimgnals er memhars 0f ths
underworld It should never devglop that the: detective himself is the
criminal because that wnuld be outright trickcry and deception of
the reader

’15 e solutian of the crima should also be fomd by logical deﬁne»
tian or by theclsver afforts of the detective. and not by men: acciéem
0r coimcicicncc. Neither shouid the criminal bf: permitted to make a
volumary mnfessien, Which is unmotivamd‘ Such action would
spoil the ciimax. >

The crime: or prubiem which is ta be: saivad should also be: of such
a iogicai mums; that it is always apparmt if the reader is shrewd

[13]

 

 

