 

 

D F T E C T 1 V F. ~ M Y S T E RY

tiva First, in, (mica; toﬂemrmine which 0f ﬁhe lists shall be uscdr,
dial until a numbm is obtained which ends is: a 1, 2, or 341'} it
ends in 1 use List A, if it ands ix: 2, use List: 3, if it ends in 3, use
List C; Now diai once more fer the numbar.

If the disc stays so that two numberg are partly showing through
the ﬂat, turn it ahead in the direction you. hava men dialling it to
the next number.

This may appear t0 hr: a rather complicated sat 0f operations bu:
after i: has bean. practiced for awhile the difﬁculty will be removad.
In order £0 understand it clearly you should remember that tba pur-
pose of the Reba}; 15 to arbitrarily supply the auﬂmr With a sericg 12f
numbsrs ami answers which comprise an assignment or autlim: avg:
the fmmation 01‘ which he has had :1!) choice. This is important and
nsccssary if the imagination of the author is to hit stimulated into the
creatiun 0% new and naval phat outlines. If he is pmmitted merciy m
pick and choose the various smry clements fret)! the 133:9 far his. plat,
he wili automaricaliy and subcmzsciuusly select those which have
{3cm asseciated before in other storieg and the msult win be either
g1 hackneyed plot 0: an unmnscinusplagiarism.

W hen the Robot supplies an outline in which thérc is an element
that is objectionable, it is of ccxurse permissible fer the author to sub
stitute anathcr elamentafter the. brisf synopsis has been developede
In many casts he will ﬁnﬁ in his Effort to make this substitution, mat
the very effort whéch it is necessary to put forth in orxier to make the
substitutiun WEI} suggest sums new 91' nova} idea of angle.

After all, it revtrts m the: proposition which w: have: 50 many times
statgd in coxmaction with the use of the Genie 333mm 13f plot building,
viz: Gam‘e tells you What happems and when you ﬁgure 01:: How
it cauld happen that way you have an absolurciy origina} plot.

OTHER TYPES OF STORIES i
Yau shauld hear in mind that ﬂﬁs GemTe Formula and Indcx pro-

[41]

 

 

