4,.

 

 

PLOT GENIE ROMAN CE

soms in the orchard, but by contrast with the Melodramatic Love
Stary.-— Take that same situation. Inject ﬁrst a lover of Mary
who WANTS her, ferociously, impatiently; who would like to
strangle the selﬁsh fatherwor hire him a housekeeper. Let John
see this complication; let him realize that he is about to lose- his
beloved. On Mary’s part, inject a doubt of John, some impatience
with his meekness. There you have (with stress laid upon each
situation) the Melodramatic Love Story.“

Another very interesting description which follows herewith is

Laurence D'Orsay, the nationally known story critic:

“What is melodrama? Most assuredly it is not what many
academic critics and nearly all ﬁaexperienced writers imagine it to
be. They talk of it as if it were something damnable; something to
be avoided by anybody who is trying ti) do honest and creditable
imaginative work for the printed page, the screen, or the stage.

That is absurd. Melodrama is simply one vast province of the
great kingdom of drama, and perhaps the most important if one
considers its history and its present immense popularity, rooted
deepIy-in the human desire to be thrilled and entertained. A writer
talks nonsense When he says, as he so often does, “I‘m afraid this
yarn of mine is too melodramatic” A story cannot be too melo’
dramatic; for no story can be too much of itself, too much of the
thing it professes to be and should be.

Of course it can be bad melodrama, shoddy and artiﬁcial melee
drama which fails to carry the illusion of reality. That is quite
another matter. Nobody would be silly enough to say that a pOem‘
was too poetic. If condemning it, one would say it‘was bad poetry,
or wasrﬂt poetry at all. Then why use "melodramatic" as if it were
a term of reproach, when it is merely an adjective that covers the
131th ﬁeld of plot material and dramatic action?

If melcdmma is carried to such a ridiculous extreme of exagr
geration that it becomes utterly unconvincing, itlceases to be malcy

[11]

by

g.

 

 

