g».

 

 

PLOT GENIE ROMANCE

Policeman is a notorious ﬂirt—«Let us make a trafﬁc cop of him, and
station him on the corner near the vegetable market where the girl works,
Now, bearing in mind what we have already learned that we must make
the plot as “tight” as possﬂﬂe by establishing logical relationships between
the characters, we will make the “Employer“ suggested by the Genie, both
the employer of the girl and the father of the boy Inventor. Genie tells us
that this character is generous, energetic, hut domineering. This would
suggest that while he is indulgent with his goofy son in many matters, that
he takes no stock in the youngster‘s inventions, but wants to make him a
successful vegetable dealer. He proudly reminds his son of the fact that
he has risen from the ranks of the push cart peddler, and is now the owner
of a “stationary" market, which, in the Bowery, is quite a distinction. This
suggests some funny business with the introduction of some of the old
man‘s jealous rivals in the vegetable business who are still in the push cart
class, and Who are awaiting an opportunity to contribute to his downfall.

The Genie tells us thatthe lover resorts to force to confuse his rivals,
so we‘pause here to consider just how the Inventor could produce such an
effect on the Policean rival. Let us assume that the cop is stationed where
he can keep one eye on the buxom Huckstress, and that as 3. matter of
fact he pays more attention to her than he does to the trafﬁc. The Invenr
tor might sock the cop in the eye with a rotten tomato and lead him to
believe it was the old man who did it, which would produce some comical
effects, and then while the controversy between the old man and the cop
is going on, the goofy Invmtor could shower the pavement with banana
peelings and such, which would cause the cars to skid, fat women to do
ﬂops, and old men to do handspxings, With the general result that there is
a trafﬁc tangle which so occupies the’attention of the Policeman that the
Inventor has his chance with the Huckst‘ress.

The whole thing might develop into a riot which necessitates calling out
the Fire Department and the demoIiShment of the old man‘s fruit and vege‘
mhle stand when the hose is turned on the crowd. To add insult to injury
the push cart peddlers swarm around and start picking up the scattered
vegetables. \Vhen the old man, who blames the boy for all of his troubles,

[44]

 

 

