4,.

 

 

PLOT GENIE ROMAN CE

What Is Melodrama?

Inasmuch as this Special Formula and Index Book is designed to supply
the Love Story, or Romance Without Melodrama, it; is appropriate that we
consider the difference between melodrama and drama. A great many
writers, for the better class magazines and of that type of novel in which
characterization and heart’interest are paramount, consider due writing of
melodrama somewhat beneath their dignity, while on the other hand, there
are many otherswhose story plots run strongly to melodrama. The motion
picture drama which was silent for a number of years, depending largely
upon action for the portrayal of the story, has pmbably done more to
popxﬂarize melodrama than any development in the history of literature.
Creating a demand for plots that were more or less involved and which
provided materiai for continuous physical action, the cinema has unquecy
tionably exercised a notable inﬂuence in present day literary production.

Notwithstanding this fact there are a great many writers gifted with
the ability to paint beautiful word picturas and delineate interesting
characterizations Who abhor the melodramatic. While their plots are
probably too simple and uninvolved for motion picture production, thair
stories are so beautifully told that they constitute interesting and desirable
material for magazine publication. One will ﬁnd few melodramatic plots
in such publications as the “Saturday Evening Post,“ yet those writers
who contribute to that great periodical are among the highest paid in the
country. They know how to amuse and entertain their readers with an
interesting story of seven} thousand words in. length, written around a
siniple incident, locale or character which may appeal to one’s imagination
or emotions.

There seems to be quite a. diﬂerence of opinion among authors as to the
actual deﬁnition of melodrama, I ﬁnd that even such noted autharities as
“Webster‘s Intemational Dictionary,” and the “Universal Cyclopedia“
diﬁer in their Explanations of it. Here is what Webster says:

“Formerly, a. kind of drama having a musical accompaniment
to intensify the effect. of certain scenes. NOW, 3 drama abounding

g.

 

 

