NOW 144 PAGES • 7 COMPLETE STORIES 



On DEL VIST 


/V FREDERICK C. DAVIS 







Blank CartridgCPistol 

25c 
50c 
$1.00 


REVOLVER STYLE 

22 



SU\ 

£%3S 

_ _ 

STSSSS VCSl&g!Xff “oS!; 

ssw^RS&gi: 

wl Bxy catalog o/otfSrj 


BOYS! THROW YOUR VOICE 



CHAMELEONS 



Novelty French Photo Ring 

Illtlsi 

:5k® 



THE FAN DANCE 

HIT of the CENTURY of PROGRESS 
Who will forget the famous FAN DANCE episode of 
the Century of Progress Exposition in "Chicago? Here it 
is humorously, cleanly presented in vest pocket form. 
You flip the pages and HOTSY'TOTSV comes to life 


HOTS! 

TOTSY 


but a wholesome laugh from ali, even the mostfastidious. 
It is a most innocent fun maker,that.will cause you and 
your friends no end of fun -anl amusement.’ HOTSY 
TOTSY tha FAN DANCER measures only 2'x 3 inches 
- 6 square inches of spicy, piquant entertainment for one 
and all. PRICE iOc. Add 3c for pottage. Big Catalog lOc. 

Johnson Smith & Co., Pep, 791, Racine, Wis. 


RADIO RECEIV INGS SET 

BHiil 


SILENT DEFENDER 

pgausjg 

rtAxoteruoo! 

^ BRrlYjB 

^WINatPOKER 


Electric Telegraph Set 15c 

BOYS! r * t ^?„ E ^LJ;XS h ^n < J , 

".T ’Siss r/*— s 



REAL LIVE PETTURTLES Fortune Telling By Cards 



Address Orders for goods on this page to 

B JOHNSON SMITH & CO. 

DEPT. 791, RACINE, WISCONSIN | 

Ml’■sTflr'ac!* %S! > aM.SrLfw ‘qeu'bort’ 

,, it,-cs Describes thousands ef all thelaust ttlcas In mt 



NEW VAMPING CARD 15c 

jsj^sgssfc 



BIG ENTERT AINERJL5o 

Nj^^^^^^S^^^^^r'AoaTt^lVFar^Ta'lesfTo’li 
Si end 

' 


15c. Novtlty'Catalog JOe 


TELL YOUR OWN FORTUNE| Learn to Hypnotize 

WBmWmM 



HOME BREWED )» 



1 zrJBtt: 


Johnson Smith & Co. bop.791, Racine, Wis, 





































i 















Vol. 13 CONTENTS for SEPTEMBER 1st, 1934 No. 4 


...Carroll John Daly 10 


2 COMPLETE MASTER MYSTERY NOVELETTES 2 

Sign the receipt for a trunkload of 

Death On Delivery—An Ofce Oakley Story..Frederick C. Davis 


Count the corpse4oll that brought to light the secret of 

The Seventh Cedar______Allan Vaughan Elston 102 


4 GRIPPING DETECTIVE SHORT STORIES 4 


Automatic Alibi... 


Sew up a couple of smart guys with a 


That'll boomerang and backfire when they try to frame each other in a fancy ki 

Bet your bottom dollar where the 


...Carl Clausen 51 


ie track, and doom shadow, follow id the heel, of i 

Watch young Johnny Connell ti 


—Russ Meservey 


...Thomas Walsh 119 


d of killers who should hi 


n Angles- 

DIME DETECTIVE 


known better t! 
Here are * 


out—cleared up by authors 


...John Howitt 


Issued the First and Fifteenth of Every Month—Now 144 Pages 
















Cily - su 


W EVERY TlME VO„ SS. 

‘ ,-’ 0RTUW| TV 15 K "‘ 


YOU MARK, 
AND MAIL IT? 


But we don’t tell you that! 
It’s not true. Too much 
depends on you 


. 


We do say this — and can prove it: 
Thousands of men all over the 
ioountry today are making $50 a 
week and over, and are emphatic in 
the conviction home-study training 
throngh I. C. S. Courses is the great- 
jest single factor in shaping their 
careers! If you have just a vague 
wish for more money, don’t trouble 
yourself or us with the coupon. But 
if you mean business, so do we! 


3 











































THIS BOOK shows how to build 
MIGHTY ARM and a 16 inch BICEPl 


Send for••• 

"MOULDING A MltiHTY ARM" 

A Complete Course for Only 25c 

W HY NOT GET AN ARM OF MIGHT with the 
power and grip to obey your physical de¬ 
sires? Weaklings whose arms were scrawny pieces 
of skin and bone have taken this course and in a 
very short time developed themselves into men of 
powerful proportions with bulging biceps and 
brawny forearms. He-men with strong, solid arms 
of power that are respected by men and admired 
by women! Wouldn’t you like to get a magnificent 
bicep like the one shown in the idealized figure above? 


MAIL YOUR ORDER NOW 

end you will receive a Free Copy cl 
“nerves of steel, muscles like IRON. 1 * 


THIS COURSE IS SPECIALLY PLANNED TO 
BUILD EVERY MUSCLE IN YOUR ARMI 

It has been scientifically worked out for that purpose. Many 

. ’ ■ - ■ ■ jed like a horseshoe, 

, _ x it show their double 

__e sinewy cables between the biceps and 

emow are deep and thick with wire cable-like ligaments. The 
forearm bellies with bulk, the great supenator lifting muscles 
become a column of power, and their wrists are alive and 
writhe with cordy sinew. Why not start now to build a he- 
man’s arm? Send 25c for this course today. 

You can’t make a mistake. The assurance of the strongest armed man 
in the world stands behind this course. You get his secret methods of 
strength development illustrated and explained as you like them. Mail 
your order now while you can still get this course for only 25c. 

You are not limited to the arm. Tty any one of the courses listed In the 
COupoa at 25c. Or. try all six of them for only 1 1.00. 


FREE 


s JOWETT INSTITUTE 
k OF PHYSICAL CULTURE 

Dept. 106 Jo, 422 Poplar St. 


■ proposition looks g'ooi to me! Send, 

8&SS I SlfUg tS.% 

;«iss asks. 

con te at b f or OMoulding Mighty Legs, 26c 

SrtSSffir8S7r”“‘-- 


) Strong Man Stunts Made Easy?* 


5 













A New, Different , 
Western Magazine! 

that will thrill you with its glamor, 
realism and colorful adventure! 

N Longriders of the West 

AVERICKS 

Stories devoted to those grimly 
colorful, outcast figures who rode 
the secret, twisting trails of 
wanted men—from the Missouri 
River Badlands to the sun-baked 
reaches of the Mexican Border 
country. ... A brave, gallant 
company, ready to pay the price 
of their reckless exploits and ask 
no odds of Fate or the bounty- 
hunter’s guns! 

“Five Against the Law” 

by Kent Thom 

Complete 40,000 word novel of five 
reckless, unforgettable owlhooters. 
—ALSO— 

3 Meaty Novelettes by 3 Famous 
Western Authors 

“Butch Cassidy— 

Sheriff Maker” 

by Walt Coburn 

“Hangman’s Hostage” 

by Ray Nafziger 

“One Man Posse” 

by Max Brand 

All in the First Great Issue—At 
Your Newsstand Today! 































FROM A FAT MAN...to a HE-MAN . .. 


BHiiMaa 

"I Reduced My Waist 8 Inches” 

"I lost 50 pounds" says W. T. Anderson. "My waist is 8 inches 
smaller" writes W. L. McGinnis. "Felt like a new man" claims 
Fred Wolf. "Wouldn't sell my belt for $100" writes C. W. Hi S bee. 



We are so sure that you will reduce your waistline at least three 
inches that we want you to . . 

TRY THE WEIL BELT FOR 10 DAYS AT OUR EXPENSEI 


We GUARANTEE to REDUCE your WAIST 
THREE INCHES IN TEN DAYS.** 


4 t t * or it won't cost you one cent » 

Y ES SIR: I too, promised myself that I would 
exercise but it was too much like work—and 
it's dam hard to diet when you like to est. The Weil Belt was 
just the answer—no diets, no drugs—I feel like a new man 
and 1 lost 8 inches of fat in less than 6 months 1 

GREATLY IMPROVES YOUR APPEARANCE! 

_ The Weil Reducing Beit .wUl make j 


4 even the postage will be refunded I 

Restive organs In place—that they are no longer fatigued- 
id that it gently increases their endurance and vigor I 


t jays your*tvaii 
i inches of fat gc 


_______in 10 short t 

will actually be 3 inches smaller—three f 
or it won’t cost you one cent! 

It supports the sagging muscles of 
quickly gives an erect, athletic carriage. 

Don’t be embarrassed any longer with that "corporation** 
for in a short time, only the admiring comments of your 
friends will remind you that you once had a bulging waistline. 

THE MASSAGE-LIKE ACTION DOES IT! 

You will be completely comfortable and entirely unaware 
that its constant gentle pressure is working constantly while 
you walk, work or sit... its massage-like action gently but 
eliminating fat with every move you make, 
tiastic wearers write that it not only reduces 
supports the abdominal walla and keeps the 


DON’T WAIT—FAT IS DANGEROUS! 

Fat is nod only unbecoming, but it also endangers your 
health. Insurance companies know the danger of fat accumu¬ 
lations. The best medical authoritiea warn against obesity. 
*°Send foroutlO (day 8 free trial offer. We repeat—either you 
- 3 inches oftatin ton days,or it-*- 




SEND FOR 10 DAY FREE TRIAL OFFER 


THE WEIL COMPANY, INC. 

99 HILL STREET. NEW HAVEN, CONN. 
Gentlemen: Send me FREE, your illustrated folder describing 
The Weil Belt and full details of you 10 day FREE trial offer. 
Nam e . 

























“DAMN TOFF JEEGER! 99 

SIX STICKS OF DYNAMITE lift the Mexi¬ 
can jail off Steve Kane and he and his part¬ 
ner, Omaha Oglesby, ride back across the 
Border to the L4L—to find the owner dead 
with a bullet above his heart—old Barney 
Macrea, the best boss they ever had. 

"Done shot himself when we found he 
robbed the gold express,” explained the sher¬ 
iff. 

"You lie,” said Steve Kane. 

“And I’m buyin’ the ranch from his daugh¬ 
ter at my own price,” put in narrow-eyed Joe East of the Quarter Circle 
JHL. “You lie,” said Steve Kane, and since it was the West he and 
Omaha went to work to make good his words with fists and guns and wily 
cowboy brains. “What a nice man,” said Barney’s daughter Mary. "I 
don’ know about nice man,” replied the wise old Mexican cook, “but be 
is damn toff jeeger, which is worth twenty nice man.” In the nights and 
days of hard riding and swift shooting that followed Steve’s enemies had 
plenty reason to agree with the cook, and so will you when you meet him in 

BORDER MAN 

A Complete Novel by W. C. TUTTLE 

in the September 15th issue of ADVENTURE—out September 1st. It 
brings you also a complete novelette of the War—NIGHT PATROL—by 
Theodore Fredenburgh, in which Sergeant Investigator Bill Bailey goes 
up to the Front to find out why, in the Yanks’ most strongly fortified town, 
each dawn finds guards and runners lying in the streets with their throats 
cut and their heads bashed in. You will be thrilled, too, by RESCUE, 
Jacland Marmur’s story of a night of flaming courage at sea, by the 
second installm ent of Ared White’s SECRET AGENT B-7, in which the 
net begins to close around America’s ace spy in Berlin, and by other 
stories by the writers who make all lovers of thrilling and authentic 
fiction turn first to 

™ I5C 

MONTH JlTL ^ 

You can get the Sept. 15th issue at any newsstand on Sept. 1st. 










9 

















CHAPTER ONE 


Just Call Me Rat 


I LIFTED the phone. The voice was 
low, husky, and evidently disguised. 
I said: “Yes, Detective Brown is 
here. Who wants to speak to him ?” 


10 


“Not a soul wants to speak to him,” 
came over the wire. “You’re Dean Con¬ 
don. Well, give him this message. It’s 
from a friend.” 

“I can get him right here, and— Who 
is it?” 

“Say, if you want to do the talking, all 










A Vee Brown Novel by Carroll John Daly 

Author of "The Murder Syndicate ” etc. 


The man turned “It’s a quick job for you 
too, lady—” 


Friday the 13th—that was the night on the 
Murder- Syndicate's crime calendar which had 
been picked for the final blood coup—a coup that was 
due to net millions for the death master. And that was the night Detec¬ 
tive Brown went beserk—for Gertrude la Palatin was scheduled to "go 
up on the wall,” a living picture of the Syndicate’s red revenge on the 
Crime Machine. 


right; if you want to listen to some im¬ 
portant news about the Murder Syndi¬ 
cate, why—” 

“Yes, yes.” I fairly shot the words in. 
“I’m listening.” 


“Well, button up the mouth then,” the 
voice went on, and somehow I got the 
impression it was an educated man trying 
to talk as if he were not. “I’ve got a 
tip; spill it to Vee Brown. Gertrude la 
11 






12 


Dime Detective Magazine 


Palatin is going to be shot to death just 
before the evening performance. Did you 
hear that?” 

“Yes, I heard that. By whom?” 

“Boy!” The laugh was a harsh cackle. 
“You’ve got all the questions, and I’ve 
got the answers. By the Murder Syndi¬ 
cate. Just a guy sent by the Murder Syn¬ 
dicate. You want his name? There,there! 
Don’t breathe so hard or you can’t hear 
it. His name is Wallace. Big Boy Wal¬ 
lace. Ah! You’ve heard it before?” 

And I had heard it. It was the man 
Vee and the police were scouring the city 
to find. Known to have committed at least 
three murders; suspected of committing 
a dozen. Arrested as many times; brought 
to trial once. But there was no evidence 
against him then; no witness, at least, 
who could be produced. The man who 
was famous for beating the rap for mur¬ 
der. Murder! Therefore he was valuable 
to the head of this Murder Syndicate. 

But Big Boy Wallace had a bad habit; 
a habit that didn’t break out more than 
once a year. He liked to hit up the liquor 
and he liked to swagger, and he hated his 
enemies. So, like all criminals, Wallace 
made the big mistake. While half seas 
over he came face to face with a man he 
had hated for years. And Wallace forgot 
his surroundings, forgot he was on a 
crowded thoroughfare—or didn’t care. 
Anyway, he shot the man to death—be¬ 
fore many witnesses, seven of whom had 
already identified his picture. 

T>IG BOY WALLACE was a wanted 
man; wanted more than any man in 
the city. The papers were riding the de¬ 
partment, for three innocent bystanders 
had been shot and one had died. The 
police wanted Wallace just for murder. 
But Vee Brown wanted him for more 
than that He wanted him because Wal¬ 
lace knew the head of the Murder Syndi¬ 


cate. How? Brown didn’t know that. 
But he knew that the head of the Murder 
Syndicate had made a mistake. He gen¬ 
erally chose his murderers carefully, 
through others, so that he would not be 
known. Now he had not chosen care¬ 
fully, and Wallace in some way had dis¬ 
covered his identity. 

Yes, Wallace could name the head of 
this Murder Syndicate, and Brown was 
sure that he would. Vee had received his 
information straight from Gertrude la 
Palatin, who in turn had received it from 
the jeweler, Ulrich Rossimire, just before 
Rossimire was killed. 

But the man on the phone was still 
talking. “Listen!” he went on. “Get ev¬ 
ery word of this, for Brown. It’s some 
mouthful. I don’t want that dame getting 
knocked off; I’ve spent too much money 
going to see her shows. Brown is ex¬ 
pected at her dressing room at eight 
o’clock. The Murder Syndicate is going 
to drag him off with a fake message. Tell 
him not to fall for it Big Boy Wallace 
will just appear at her dressing-room 
door; she’s expecting Brown and will let 
him in. Then he shoots her to death! 
There’s a fire escape right outside that 
dressing room. Tell Brown to anchor on 
it; watch through the window—and there 
is Wallace, right in the bag. Mark this, 
fellow! I’m giving you the tip. Play it 
any other way, and— blooey —like that 
Vee Brown loses Wallace and loses the 
girl friend, and maybe loses his life. Re¬ 
member—tell Brown to play it my way.” 

“And you won’t tell me who you are, 
so we can reward you?” 

The man hesitated a long time, then 
laughed. “I’m not that dumb. But I’ll 
tell you why I’m blowing the show. I’ve 
been sucked in by the Murder Syndicate; 
this leader has the goods on me. I don’t 
want to do a jolt; and while I ain’t soft, 
I can’t go for nailing guys up on walls. 
Wallace has me jammed up. He’ll go for 



Red Friday 


13 


anything. I’m not a guy who minds hard 
names as much as I mind hard labor up 
the river. I’m willing to rat out on this 
guy. So just call me Rat.” 

The receiver clicked across the wire. I 
dropped the phone back in its cradle, 
dashed to the music room, burst in on 
Vee Brown. 

“It’s the Murder Syndicate again!” I 
cried. “They’re going to kill Gertrude la 
Palatin—Pal.” And I gave him the whole 
conversation as I remembered it 

Brown came to his ieet “It’s the 
break!” he exulted. “The break I’ve been 
waiting for. We’ve got him, Dean—got 
him at last. It always comes that way. A 
stool pigeon, a lad that couldn’t stand the 
gruesome murders. A lad—” .He stop¬ 
ped, looked at me, rubbed his chin. “Let 
me have it again, word for word.” 

Tive times, I guess, I went over that 
conversation. While I was talking, the 
telegram came. Mortimer Doran wanted 
to see Brown at eight o’clock, at his 
house. 

“‘Stupid!” Vee said, then shook his 
head. “Or is it? Try to get Doran on 
the phone. No, no”—he stopped me— 
■“wefll go through with it. Dean, but I 
don’t like it.” 

“Don’t like it! Why?” 

“I shan’t know.” He shook his head. 
“Don’t you think I’ve been expecting an 
attempt on Pal’s life? Don’t you think 
I’ve had the theater guarded for these 
few performances she’s giving? Why, a 
man couldn’t get to her! As for Wal¬ 
lace! He’s dumb and hard, but he’s a 
killer. The worst kind of killer. Yet, 
he’ll cover himself, smell the coppers a 
mile away—-and won’t come.” 

“But if he doesn’t come, you won’t—” 

“But he will come.” Vee was on his 
feet. “He will, by God ! I’ll see to that, 
if the tip’s on the level.” 


TjVVE minutes later we were speeding 
downtown in a taxi. It was Saturday 
afternoon, and there was a matinee. We 
didn’t drive directly to the theater. 

Brown climbed from the cab and we 
walked around the block. “That will be 
the fire escape.” He pointed up at the 
rusted iron outside the old playhouse. 
"Run your eye to it, then straight from 
it up to the roof across the street. That 
would be just about in line. A man could 
lie on that roof with a high-powered rifle 
and, being any land of a shot, pop us off 
nicely.” 

“It’s a trap—for you—for us?” I said. 

“I don’t know. A silly trap ! I’d spot 
it at once. It’s stupid, Dean. That’s why 
I think it’s on the level.” He nodded 
thoughtfully. “However, I’ll have a cou¬ 
ple of good plainclothesmen up on the 
roof. Come! We’ll see Pal and talk it 
over.” 

And we did see Pal. Radiantly beauti¬ 
ful, she bounced into the dressing room 
from a fresh triumph, green eyes blazing 
lights as she threw her arms about Vee. 

“It’s the last performance tonight.” 
She dragged the wig from her head and 
tossed it across the room. “I only took 
the engagement because of Meyer; he 
believed in me and started me, you know. 
Then back to hunting down the killer—the 
head of this Murder Syndicate. I’ve got a 
hunch, Vee. I’m going to play it strong.” 

“A hunch! I want you out of this. 
Pal. This foolish idea that you owe 
something to society for—for your past! 
You’ve done enough, and—” 

She put both her hands against his 
cheeks. “Won’t you hear the hunch, since 
it’s about Inspector Ramsey—and his 
being right for once!” 

“All right, if it’s possible that Ramsey 
can be right.” 

“It’s his playboy,” she said. “The mil¬ 
lionaire, Teddy Melrose, who lost all his 
money. He knew Broadway, knew both 



14 


Dime Detective Magazine 


the upper and under part of the city. 
Racketeers, bankers, race-track touts, 
dowagers. He’s been booked to pay, by 
the Murder Syndicate—and he can’t. I’ve 
got a hunch that the head of this Murder 
Syndicate would like to use a man like 
that”—and with a smile—‘‘and, perhaps, 
a girl like me.” 

“Baloney 1” said Brown. “Ramsey used 
Teddy Melrose once, and he ran like a 
scared rabbit.” Then he told her about the 
phone call, the plot to kill her. 

“But why me? They never asked me 
for any money; they know better.” She 
extended open, empty hands. 

“No. But it shows that the head of 
this Murder Syndicate is human after all. 
I spoiled his plans, killed his few trusted 
men; nearly wrecked his racket, which he 
hasn’t been able to rebuild yet. Now, for 
revenge, where could he strike me harder 
than through you ?” 

Her mouth puckered. “I bet you tell 
that to all the girls,” she said. 

T>ROWN tried to grin; it was not a 
success. He put his hands on her 
shoulders. “I want you to quit the show, 
not play tonight. Dean and I will lie on 
the fire escape.” 

“No, no.” She didn’t stamp her feet, 
just set both of them hard down upon the 
floor and faced Vee. “It wouldn’t work. 
I think—yes, I think you must be in love 
with me.” She laughed. “Wallace would 
know; those things can’t be kept quiet. 
And if it would work, I wouldn’t do it. 
Quit the show! Quit Meyer on the last 
night—the big night!” 

“It’s for a big purpose, Pal—the dis¬ 
covery of the leader of this murder rack¬ 
et. For I can make Wallace talk. It’s to 
save lives—many lives.” 

Her laugh broke in on him. “You’re 
talking like a child. Of course I’d do it 
to save lives—many lives. But if I’m here 
when he comes, there is more chance of 
saving those lives. No. I’ll stay right 


here* I’ll open the dressing-room door; 
I’ll spring the trap for you.” 

Vee didn’t want to do it. 

She rushed on: "You’ll be there on the 
fire escape with a gun. You can watch 
Wallace’s every movement. Why, you 
have only to step through the window— 
and there you are 1” 

Brown rubbed a hand across his 
mouth. “I guess you’re right,” he said. 
“They call me the Crime-Machine, and— 
and—•” He stiffened, drew back from 
her. "You’ll be absolutely in no danger. 
I’ll have him covered from the moment 
he enters the room.” 

"Tonight, then, at eight. You’ll come 
from inside or outside?” 

"From outside,” Vee said. "I’ll tip you 
off from the window, before eight” 

She grinned. “With my experience in 
the underworld we can pull it off.” She 
curled her lip into a sneer, as she used to 
when she played the part of Myra, the 
Girl of the Night. “How about the cops? 
The place fairly reeks with them. He’ll 
never come while they are here.” 

"I know.” Brown thought a moment 
“I’ll call them off for tonight I hope to 
God I’m doing right.” 

She looked at him a long time. Slim, 
boyish, they faced each other, shoulder to 
shoulder. His black eyes were soft now, 
his thin lips whimsical. 

"You’re Vivian, now.” She nodded em¬ 
phatically and, as if she liked it. "Just a 
writer of songs. Vivian—Master of Mel¬ 
ody, and I love you for it.” Then her 
mood changed; she smiled grimly. “I hope 
tonight, though, that you’re just Detective 
Vee Brown—Killer of Men.” 

Black eyes grew narrow, hard cold 
points showed. He opened his mouth but 
didn’t speak. He took me by the arm. 

When we reached the door, she said: 
“The revue—my revue! How goes it?” 

“Rotten!” Vee said. “Rotten! It does¬ 
n’t go at all.” And suddenly brightening. 



Reh frriftay 


15 


“But tonight! After tonight I will be 
able to write.” 

CHAPTER TWO 

Outside the Window 

YYTHEN we crouched on the fire escape 
: ™ that night Vee Brown said: “l have¬ 
n’t tipped my hand to the police, haven’t 
even said a word to the D. A. I’ve got 
boys on that roof, of course, for I don’t 
fancy being shot in the back.” 

I looked into the room. Gertrude la 
Palatin sat under a light, smoking. It was 
getting very close to eight. 

Brown spoke again. “Damn itl Dean, 
I never felt like this before. I’m as nerv¬ 
ous as a star on her first night." And 
more to himself than to me, “I wonder if 
I’m half in love with the girl.” 

I smiled but said nothing. Then I tried: 
“How are you going to work it?" 

“I liad thought to change my plans/’ 
he said. “See that closet. Well, we could 
have hidden in there. If it was a trap of 
any kind—I mean, a trap for me—we’d 
have had the jump on them.” He shook 
his head. “But I decided against that. 
We can see every bit of the room from 
here and— By God, Dean, she’s a won¬ 
der. Look at her sitting there smoking 
and reading. And I’ll lay you ten to one 
she’s actually •reading’!” This as she 
turned a page. 

“‘She’s a remarkable woman.” 

“And stubborn as hell. Imagine want¬ 
ing to run with that Teddy Melrose! 
Why, the Murder Syndicate wouldn't—” 
The words died. He moved forward, 
gently touched the curtains as the rap 
came on the door. 

Gertrude la Palatin came to her feet 
slowly, laid the book down on the small 
’table. Her movements were easy, assured 
—but the color had suddenly gone from 
her face. Her green eyes darted one 
quick glance at the window. Then she 


walked over to the door and opened it. 

The man wore a black slouch hat, a 
long coat, and a muffler high about his 
neck. But even so, I recognized him. The 
flat features were those of Big Boy Wal¬ 
lace. Neither of his hands showed; both 
of them were hidden beneath the long— 
very long—black topcoat. 

The girl played her part well. She fell 
back slightly, muttered, “Oh!” and then, 
“I was expecting someone else.” 

The man said: "Yes, I know. You 
were expecting Vee Brown, and so cun I.” 
There was a queer sort of gurgle in his 
throat. If k was a laugh, there was not 
much mirth in k. “He’s in the doset; 
eh, lady? There’s a hundred grand and 
a get-away in this for me. We’ll see how 
your boy friend likes this.” 

Even as he spoke he threw open his 
coat. Then things happened with a rapid- 
ky that was astounding and left me silent, 
stunned there on the fire escape, my gun 
frozen tight in my hand. 

Wallace’s coat just fell back and both 
Ms hands raised. His body swung almost 
with that single motion and before I even 
realized that those hands held a gun—a 
Thompson machine gun—lead was vomit¬ 
ing from its blazing glaring mouth. 

I thought of Brown’s idea that we hide 
in the doset, and my stomach completely 
turned over; for I was looking at that 
partly open doset door and the multitude 
of tiny holes that had perforated the 
wood from top to bottom. 

The man turned. Furtive eyes sought 
the window for one brief moment. He 
spoke to Pal even as he poked that Tom¬ 
my gun almost flat against her chest. “It’s 
a quick job for you too, lady, but—” 

There was a roar. All hell broke loose 
in my head. Big Boy Wallace seemed to 
straighten. My eyes blinked shut and 
open, hut just before Wallace dropped to 
the floor I saw the blood coining from his 
ear, knew that Brown's bullet had gone 



16 


Dime Detective Magazine 


straight itato the man’s brain, almost di¬ 
rectly through his ear-drum. 

We were in the room then. Brown 
dragged the Tommy gun from twisted, 
dead fingers. 

"DAL was rocking back and forth, try- 
ing to steady herself, stretching out a 
hand for a wall that wasn’t there. I 
steadied her and she clung to me. Brown 
stood looking down at the body sadly. 

Pal spoke. “I’m all right. I’m all 
right. I’ve seen death before, quick and 
sudden and—” She was crying as she 
pushed her tousled head against my chest. 
“It was terrible when he died. I thought 
for a moment it would be me, and then 
those eyes—watching me. Then they were 
sightless, and he was dead.” 

“Yes, dead!” Brown said bitterly. "The 
only man who knew—and he died. If you 
had only quit the show, let him come 
alone, let;—” 

The girl turned. “You’re thinking of 
him then, not of me. You’re the finest 
shot in the world; you’ve said so your¬ 
self.” Her voice raised. "Then why not 
have wounded him, shot him in the—” 
“With the gun against your chest!” 

And that was all of that. The manager 
was there, actors and actresses and stage 
hands, all crowding in the little doorway. 
Then Meyer and the police. But it was I 
who took Pal to another dressing room. 
It was I who tried to comfort her. And 
her one thought was of Vee Brown. 

“He blames me,” she sobbed. “He 
blames me! He can’t love me. He—” 
“Pal,” I stopped her, “Vee’s greatest 
ambition is to get the leader of this Mur¬ 
der Syndicate. He can’t work at his 
music, he can’t sleep. And tonight! Well, 
if it were someone besides you, he might 
have shot the gun from Wallace’s hand. 
With you, he gave it all up. All the things 
he had built on the capture of Wallace, 
alive. All to save you.” 


“He did. He did!” She gripped my 
arm tight. "That’s true. He did. But 
he’ll hate me for it” 

Then her maid; dozens of other people. 
The police, reporters, cameramen, and the 
medical examiner. And somehow the ex¬ 
planation, which must have started with 
Brown, that Wallace came there to kill 
him, because he was so dose on his trail. 

Meyer wrung his hands. "There will 
be no show,” he spluttered. “No show 
tonight. No one out there knows what’s 
happened and—and—they are hanging to 
the rafters.” 

Brown spoke. His lips curled, and I 
guess only Pal and I got his meaning. 
“Oh, there’ll be a show,” he said to Mey¬ 
er. “Quit on the last night—the big night? 
Never!" He turned to the door. 

Pal came to her feet. Her little body 
stiffened, her hands denched at her sides. 
She moved quickly to the mirror, sat 
down, dabbed at her face. She was smil¬ 
ing when she turned to Meyer. “Mr. 
Brown is right,” she said. “There will be 
a show.” 

After that— What? 

Inspector Ramsey of the police. Morti¬ 
mer Doran, the district attorney. Slaps 
on the back for Brown; applause—yes, 
even begrudgingly from Ramsey. The 
City of New York wanted Big Boy Wal¬ 
lace more than any other public enemy, 
and it wanted him dead. Vee Brown had 
ddivered him dead. And Vee Brown 
wanted him living. I could see his face 
when they praised him, treated him as a 
hero, snapped his picture. God! How he 
had wanted Big Boy Wallace, alive. 

We saw the show. And the audience 
didn’t know until they left the theater 
that Big Boy Wallace, ace of murderers, 
had been shot to death in Gertrude la 
Palatin’s dressing room less than forty- 
five minutes before the curtain went up. 
Gertrude la Palatin was superb. 



Red Friday 


17 


CHAPTER THREE 

Death Threat 

fpWO weeks later Yee Brown was 
_L working at his “secret trade” and his 
“shame” as he so often facetiously called 
it. There was no doubt that he made 
more money on a single song than he did 
in a whole year as a detective assigned to 
the district attorney's office. Now he was 
doing the lyrics for an entire revue, in 
which Gertrude la Palatin was to star. 

As for me. I sat in the living room just 
beyond the closed door of the music room 
and let my mind wander. My paper lay 
at my feet; my pipe had long since gone 
out between my teeth as I listened to the 
infrequent strumming on the piano. 

The Murder Syndicate. Crimeland’s 
latest racket. Simple and direct, it had 
the police buffaloed, the press brutal in 
its denunciation of the police. And Vee 
Brown ? I smiled. It had him working on 
Pal’s Revue! There were no two ways 
about it. Crime, murder, violence, action 
—all stimulated him to write music, com¬ 
pose those sentimental song hits under 
the name of Vivian—Master of Melody. 

The Murder Syndicate! So simple, so 
direct; so vicious and sure. And its lead¬ 
er, now free from the possible chance of 
being caught, was picking his victims with 
rare shrewdness. First, the simple direct 
note that they were to pay a certain 
amount of money. Pay or die—that was 
the threat. And to make it doubly effec¬ 
tive, murdered men were found on the 
streets of the city. The victims of this 
ghastly extortion received notes next day 
that the Syndicate had acted; struck at 
one who did not pay or who had notified 
the police. 

Many had paid, of course. How many, 
it was impossible to tell. I shuddered, 
shook myself, and remembered that it 
was not so long ago that Inspector Ram¬ 
sey and myself had sat bound in chairs; 


waiting to be nailed, living, to the wall 
of a house, and left there to die. We 
had nothing to pay. We were to be just 
an advertisement. Screaming heads in 
the papers, that the Murder Syndicate 
had struck. A warning picture lesson to 
those who would not pay. 

Our deaths hadn’t gone through, of 
course. Those who would have killed us 
had died by Brown’s gun. But the leader, 
whose identity we did not know, had es¬ 
caped. And now he was waiting to strike 
again. 

The bell to the upstairs door to our 
penthouse rang. It was Mortimer Do¬ 
ran. And behind his huge fleshy form 
was the muscular figure of Inspector 
Ramsey. They were grim, determined- 
looking. With them was a third man. 

The district attorney, generally an af¬ 
fable man, did not bother to shake hands 
with me, a courtesy that he seldom neg¬ 
lected. Inspector Ramsey simply grunt¬ 
ed, said nothing. I let them in, didn’t 
speak at first, looked toward the music 
room. I knew that Brown didn’t like to 
be disturbed when he was working. But 
now no sound came from the music room. 

Mortimer Doran jerked a thumb at 
the third man who followed them in. I 
knew him of course. It was Teddy Mel¬ 
rose, the former playboy and millionaire, 
who, like shrewder and brighter men, had 
lost his fortune. But he had been threat¬ 
ened by the Murder Syndicate—with the 
hope, I guess, that he could raise the 
money from his wealthy aunt in Phila¬ 
delphia. He had been near death with us 
that terrible night, while we waited to be 
nailed to the wall of the empty house. 

Mortimer Doran chased away all 
thoughts of my not calling Brown by his 
next words. 

“It’s another, Condon. Another threat 
of death by the Murder Syndicate. Sev¬ 
eral prospective victims have been good 
enough citizens and brave enough men to 



18 


Dime Detective Magazine 


bring in their letters. I want to see Vee.” 

I saw them seated, saw that our only 
servant, Wong, was already mixing 
drinks. Then I walked quickly to the 
music room, jerked open the door and 
closed it behind me. 

"DROWN swung quickly from the win- 
■*“* dow. He wasn’t angry at the intru¬ 
sion and broke out before I could speak: 
“It’s gone. Dean. Every bit of it gone. 
It was pounding in my head, demanding 
to be thumped out and jotted down. Now 
—hell! It’s the inactivity.” He laughed 
sort of bitterly. 

“If that’s all that’s worrying you, for¬ 
get it. The Murder Syndicate has struck 
again.” 

“Struck! Where? Who?" 

Black eyes brightened; his slender fig¬ 
ure jerked erect. 

“Vee! By God, you act as if you were 
glad!” 

“Glad ?” He seemed puzzled, and then, 
“Well, perhaps I am. But not in die per¬ 
sonal sense you mean. Certainly we can’t 
catch the leader of this Murder Syndicate 
while he remains inactive. He’s got to 
strike, Dean; he’s got to strike to be 
struck. Now what happened?” 

“Nothing yet.” I shook my head. “That 
is—not a murder, I think. But enough 
has happened to bring Mortimer Doran 
here with a face as long as your own.” 

“A threat of death, eh ?’’ Brown rubbed 
his hands together. “That’s something; 
indeed, that’s something. It means, Dean, 
that our Murder Syndicate can no longer 
collect with simple warnings. It is neces¬ 
sary to act But cane! Ramsey is here 
with him, of course.” 

“And Teddy Melrose is here too.” 

Brown frowned. “He ran out on us 
last time after all his braggadocio about 
helping the police.” 

“Vee,” I said, “he’s not used to murder 
and violence. In a way, I am; and after 
that ordeal—that waiting to be nailed. 


alive, to a wall—I’d have run out myself 
if I were able to run.” 

“Perhaps you would; and perhaps this 
Melrose can be of some help." And 
almost as we reached the door, “He’s 
Ramsey’s pet, Ramsey’s find. So I sup¬ 
pose I’m against him from the start.” 

I laughed. “You can’t blame him for 
wanting to stick close to the police.” 

“No. I can’t blame him, Dean, for 
being frightened. But he doesn’t need 
protection. The Murder Syndicate is 
purely business. They leave alone those 
who run with the police. They are out 
for easy money. But I’ll see Mortimer 
Doran and our good friend, Ramsey.” 

Mortimer Doran did shake hands with 
Vee Brown. His placid round face 
worked through many expressions. Then 
he said: “It happened again. The Mur¬ 
der Syndicate is to strike tonight Seven 
people brought in letters.” He extended 
the missives to Brown. “You don’t have 
to be careful. The fingerprint expert has 
gone over them.” 

“And found nothing.” 

“Fpund plenty—but it means nothing.” 
“It seldom does.” Brown grinned, 
opened one letter, then the others; handed 
each to me. They were all the same. 
Typed carefully and neatly. 

Sir:— 

You will have the amount stipulated in 
previous communications ready to be paid in 
cash by the next notice. 

We respectfully call your attention to 
the fact that a small delinquent, who has 
communicated with the police, dies tonight 
His death will be rather horrible—and, we 
hope, effective. 

May we call your attention to your morn¬ 
ing mail for further details? 

Very truly yours, 

THE MURDER SYNDICATE. 

“Peculiarly worded threat, eh?” Teddy 
Melrose shot in, his fishlike eyes flashing 
at us through the film that clouded them. 
“Did you get one this time?” 




Red Friday 


19 


"No. I didn’t.” 

Brown ran through all of them. "We 
have some good citizens then!” 

Ramsey shrugged his shoulders. “But 
how many got these notes, and are pay¬ 
ing—or waiting to see what happens?” 

"Well,” said Brown, “we have seven 
letters. Surely the Syndicate will not 
know that all of the seven men have come 
to the police! Some one of them will re¬ 
ceive a later note, indicating the pay-off.” 

"Yes, yes!” said Mortimer Doran. 
“But what of this present threat? Some 
poor devil, tonight! Must we sit idly by 
and wait until a man is murdered—hor¬ 
ribly murdered?” 

"Since we can’t prevent crime, let us 
sit down and wait for it to happen,” said 
Vee Brown. “You’ve taken every step as 
I outlined it ?” He grinned at Doran. 

The district attorney looked at Ram¬ 
sey. "Everyone is covered?” he asked. 

"Everyone.” Ramsey’s eyes widened. 
“So the suggestion came from Brown 
then! Well, I can account for every 
name on our list—even the ones supplied 
by the government.” 

TI/TELROSE raised his eyebrows. “The 
federal authorities are in this?” 

"Certainly!” Ramsey snapped. “The 
department of justice is peculiar that 
way. They don’t like the United States 
mails being used for threats of murder, 
extortion, or even blackmail.” 

“Will you wait here, Mr. Doran?” 
Brown asked. 

Doran said, as he moved toward the 
door, “My place is at my office. I just 
wanted to let you know, and see if you 
had any suggestion as to whom the victim 
might be.” 

“Hardly!” said Brown. And with a 
smile, “Wait! I’m willing to bet there will 
be no murder tonight. We’ve done every¬ 
thing to prevent it.” 

“Hell!” said Melrose. “If he flunks 


out on this, the Syndicate is through— 
washed up, after the last fiasco. It’s a 
wonder, Brown, he doesn’t take a crack 
at you, attempt your life.” 

“He did,” said Brown. "He did!” And 
with the curving lips and flippant air that 
always annoyed me, “And I found it 
quite amusing. You see, I shot his agent 
right through the center of the ear.” 

Ramsey’s mouth hung open. He start¬ 
ed to speak, then didn’t. But he looked 
over his shoulder as the three men left 

The door had hardly closed when 
Mortimer Doran returned alone. “That 
was true about Wallace, then! You think 
the Murder Syndicate sent him.” 

“I’m sure of it,” said Vee. “Now tell 
me—why does Ramsey cart Melrose 
around with him?” 

“Well”—Doran stroked his chin, looked 
to see that the hall door was closed— 
“Melrose very nearly led him to this mur¬ 
derer before. Between you and me, I 
think Melrose has received another threat, 
or learned something,” 

Vee Brown frowned. “He’s a shrewd 
man,” he said. "If he can make a suck¬ 
er out of Ramsey, well and good.” And 
rubbing his chin, "He may have some¬ 
thing up his sleeve. The reward is fairly 
big.” 

Doran nodded. “Ludwig Loudon’s 
family”—he was one of the first to be 
found nailed up—“added a cool twenty- 
five thousand to it yesterday, and a news¬ 
paper jumped it another ten.” He rubbed 
at his forehead. “I wish they’d cut it 
out. Can’t they see it’s not a question of 
money?” 

“It’s a question of money with Teddy 
Melrose. He makes no bones about that.” 


■JI/J'ORTIMER DORAN hesitated, held 
his hand on the doorknob, finally 
blurted out: “It’s like this, Vee. Teddy 
Melrose has been seeing a lot of Gertrude 
la Palatin lately.” 



20 


Dime Detective Magazine 


“Yes?" Brown’s thin eyebrows raised. 

“Well—yon see, it’s Tather well known 
that yon and she—■” And suddenly clap¬ 
ping a hand down on Vee’s shoulder, 
“She’s a fine girl and you’re a fine fellow, 
and—■” 

“And—” said Vee. Certainly his man¬ 
ner didn’t invite further talk on that sub¬ 
ject. But that didn't deter Mortimer 
Doran. 

“And women will talk.” He paused, 
then went on hurriedly. “Not that I 
think she would, or that she hears any¬ 
thing from you to talk about. But I was 
wondering if Ramsey put Melrose on 
her.” 

“And you were thinking,” said Brown, 
“that you’d rather have the head of this 
Murder Syndicate caught by the D. A.’s 
office than by Ramsey. Anything else?” 

Brown’s voice was abrupt. Doran stif¬ 
fened, then smiled. “Nothing else along 
that line—except that Teddy Melrose is 
a very engaging man.” 

Brown .grinned. “Don’t yon worry 
about me or your office. Go home and 
sleep.” 

“And sleep!” said the D. A. “With 
some poor devil about to fee crucified?” 

“I don’t think there will be any poor 
devil murdered like that tonight. The 
police certainly should be able to prevent 
it. We don’t know the intended victim— 
that’s true. But we should know the hired 
assassin tonight.” 

“I hope you’re right. God, I hope 
you’re right P Mortimer Doran said with 
feeling. “Everything’s been done that 
could be done. Good night!” 

CHAPTER FOUR 

The Murder Syndicate 

TV7HEN Mortimer Doran had gone 

’ Brown turned to me. “Teddy Mel¬ 
rose, eh? Pal has picked strange com¬ 


pany. He’s become a sort of stool pigeon 
for Ramsey.” 

“You know. Pal told you she was going 
to play him along. She’s as hot on this 
thing as you are, as anxious to get the 
head of the Murder Syndicate. And Mel¬ 
rose knows his way around. After all, 
his interest may be in the reward. There’s 
nothing bad about Teddy Melrose. I met 
him in better days. He’s selling invest¬ 
ments now, and I understand that con¬ 
sidering conditions he’s doing well.” 

“Nothing bad and nothing good about 
him,” Brown agreed. And suddenly, “Pal 
hasn’t been around!” 

“Oh, come! Vee,” I told him flat. “You 
saved her life, of course; but you put 
her in the position of needing that life 
saved, then practically blamed her for 
being there.” 

“I know—I know!” Brown was ir¬ 
ritated. “My name and picture in all the 
papers; the hero of the city! Shot Big 
Boy Wallace to death while he held a 
machine gun. I feel like a fool. I don’t 
know why; but 1 fed that the head of the 
Murder Syndicate is laughing at me, has 
made a fool out of me.” 

“But "how?" 

“That’s it. I don’t know how!” 

I switched the subject. “About this 
death tonight . . . What makes you fed it 
won’t—can’t happen?” 

Brown hesitated, then hurst out with: 
“He’s a fiend, Dean, and quite capa¬ 
ble of nailing a living man to a wall. 
But he hasn’t acted himself—at least, 
alone. He’s hired others. First it was 
just by passing along the name of the 
victim through Rossimire, the jewder; 
and the name of the criminal he had 
picked for the job. Later, perhaps, he 
made direct contact with his murderers— 
maybe through Wallace, maybe by phone 
—certainly keeping himsdf unknown to 
them. Here’s the point, Dean. There are 
hundreds, thousands of men in New York 



Red Friday 


21 


City, who will shoot a man to death for 
a price, stick a knife in him, toss him 
from a cliff, beat him to death. But just 
how many of these criminals would nail 
a living man to a wall? A man has got 
to be more than a criminal to do that” 

“He’s got to be pretty vicious.” 

“Right! A degenerate, a madman, and 
the occasional fiend who takes pleasure in 
inflicting horrible torture. I believe our 
leader of the Murder Syndicate is such a 
man, a man with a hate of his fellowmen. 
Now how is he going to find men to kill 
like that? Certainly not just by chance. 
He’s got to use professional talent, known 
criminals.” Brown paused. “And such 
professional fiendishness is rare. Every¬ 
one who would do such an act—every 
professional criminal, I mean, who might 
be known to the head of this Murder 
Syndicate—is also known to the police. 
Wallace was one of them, and he is dead. 
A glance over the police records located 
others; prison records found us more. 

"So we were able to make up a list of 
thirty-three known criminals who would 
not be above crucifying a victim. We ran 
down that list, have been at it ever since 
Loudon was found so murdered in his 
own house. Six of them are dead, eleven 
in prison, four deported, four in state 
hospitals for the insane. That leaves 
eight. Of those eight, three have been lo¬ 
cated out of the state, and the other five 
have been shadowed day and night. Oh, 
I’m not saying the list is complete, but it 
seems to me that—in hunting out men for 
his purpose, criminals that are known and 
who will go to the lengths he demands— 
this murder fiend will pick one of those 
men. There you are, Dean! He has thou¬ 
sands to choose from for murder, but 
he’s limited when it comes to nailing liv¬ 
ing human beings to walls. If he ap¬ 
proaches these men, or if any one of 
these men try to act—why, we will get 
them tonight” 


“And you think this Murder Syndicate 
leader is one of these remaining five?” 

“No,” said Brown, “I don’t. I think 
he’s a man who has started from scratch. 
Well known in the underworld, of course, 
but not suspected as a criminal. A man 
who suddenly saw the idea, conceived the 
Murder Racket, and understands the fear 
and terror created in other victims of his 
extortion by such horrible murders. I may 
be wrong, but I don’t think so. It takes 
more than a criminal mind to kill even an 
enemy like that. So I don’t think murder 
will take place tonight. Even if we don’t 
know the victim, we may know and so 
have shadowed the prospective murderer.” 

T>ROWN had hardly finished when the 
phone rang. I went across to the 
table and lifted it. The voice was even, 
steady, slightly sarcastic and unnatural. 

"Is this Vee Brown, the great detec¬ 
tive?” 

"No,” I said. "But—” 

The voice said: “This is the Murder 
Syndicate.” 

After a silence I stammered: “The— 
the head of the Murder Syndicate?” 

"You may call me that But I am all 
of it. The Murder Syndicate! Put that 
toy detective on if he’s there.” 

Brown was already at the phone, had 
taken it from my hand, pulled me close 
to listen. “This is Vee Brown talking.” 
His voice was calm, even quiet 

The voice laughed; it was even a pleas¬ 
ant laugh. “I have called to return your 
very kind favor.” 

“My favor?” 

“Certainly. You are evidently one of 
those rare, big-hearted persons who, do¬ 
ing an enemy a good deed, dismisses it 
from his mind. I mean—about Wallace. 
Big Boy Wallace. Living, he would have 
done me a lot of harm. He was too care¬ 
ful for me to kill, so it was kind of you 



22 


Dime Detective Magazine 


to do it for me. You see, he knew who 
I really am.” 

“So you sent him to me to be killed!” 

“Yes.” The Murder Syndicate went on 
easily. “It was rather amusing. I’m quite 
a gambler. I really didn’t know which 
one of you would die. It hardly mattered, 
did it? With Wallace dead, he couldn’t 
tell you; with you dead, Wallace wouldn’t 
have you to tell.” He chuckled now. “But 
I liked the way it turned out. I would 
have had to pay Wallace a rather large 
sum of money for killing you. As it was, 
I got Wallaoe killed for nothing.” 

“How could you be sure I wouldn’t 
take him alive?” 

“The little lady would assure me of 
that, and Wallace’s—shall I say, impetu¬ 
ous nature? You see, 4 told him you 
would be in the closet” A moment’s 
pause. “And, do you know, I half sus¬ 
pected you would be there, just fool 
enough to improve on my plans 1 I’m 
sorry I wasn’t there to see it. But the 
papers gave a most vivid account. They 
made a man out of you, while I made—” 

“A sap out of me.” It was as if Brown 
thought aloud. 

“Exactly 1 Now I wish to return the 
favor, let you know where to find the 
body. Yes, yes—I know. You’ve had 
seven letters from my clients, and you’ve 
spent weeks trying to think as I would 
think. The men, professional criminals, 
suited for my particular job.” And gruff¬ 
ly, “Well, you were right. Most crimi¬ 
nals are fools; that’s why I work un¬ 
known. You made things difficult for me. 
Have I your attention?” 

“Yes,” Vee said in a low voice, as if 
he were afraid the man would hang up. 
“I’m listening quite carefully.” 

“Good! But you forgot, Mr. Vee 
Brown, that there are hundreds, thou¬ 
sands right in the city, who will knock a 
man on the head for a very few dollars 
and deliver him at a certain place. Oh, I 


abhorred the physical end of it”—a long 
pause—“but I nailed up my—my adver¬ 
tisement, and he’s ready for exhibition— 
tonight” 

Brown’s head jarred back, and so did 
mine. “Who is he? Where is he?” 

“He was a hosiery salesman from Illi¬ 
nois, with a wife and three small chil¬ 
dren. So I picked him.” 

“Why?” 

“Why? Business! The papers will 
make it a higger story—more pictures. 
The wife and children, you know. And 
my clients will be more impressed. But 
it is only the beginning. Now, the one big 
splurge. The Murder Syndicate will strike 
once more, strike at one of the big names 
of die city—and so collect a fortune.” 

“But this man! Where is he?” 

“Oh! Staten Island—Midland Beach. 
A bungalow there. Now don’t forget the 
big date. Friday, the thirteenth. No, no. 
I’m not superstitious, but many other peo¬ 
ple are. I like to work upon the imagina¬ 
tion of people. Take care of Miss la Pala- 
tin. Good night!” 

T7EE BROWN put down the receiver 
1 ' and looked at me. “I was right,” he 
said. “He made a sap out of me. Got me 
to eliminate his greatest danger, kill the 
one man who threatened his existence." 

“But you said there wouldn’t he any 
murder tonight, any—” 

Brown turned on me. “And I was 
wrong,” he said. “Just dead wrong.” And 
trying to buck up, “But he’s come out, 
Dean; is doing the job himself. There’s 
something in that—something in that.” 

He was lifting the phone, calling Morti¬ 
mer Doran. It was scarcely nine o’clock. 

I remember the ride downtown, the im¬ 
patience of Brown on the ferry, his 
standing there silent in the bow looking 
up at the pilot house, as if to try to hurry 
the lumbering craft But as Wong, our 
Chinese chauffeur and houseman, drove 



Red Friday 


23 


out through Stapleton, we talked. 

“I was wondering,” I said, "how this 
Murder Syndicate—for he calls himself 
that—knew so much about the police de¬ 
partment, about what you do.” 

“And I was wondering that, too.” He 
shook his head thoughtfully, said then: 
“Think of the effect this will have on 
those who have not paid 1” 

“If Mortimer Doran can keep it quiet, 
out of the papers, why—” 

Brown shook his head. “I’m afraid our 
murderer is too good a businessman for 
that. He’ll— But what’s this? Not a 
police escort!” 

A motorcycle cop had turned, followed 
and hailed us. “You’re Detective Brown?” 
he asked. “I’ve been sent out to direct 
you.” 

"Then they found something?” 

“They have.” The cop nodded in the 
darkness. "We were called just a few 
minutes before the district attorney tele¬ 
phoned he was coming over.” 

“You were called here, on the Island?” 

“That’s right. A lad from the Clarion 
found the body. Said he got a tip and 
came over. I think his name was Clancey, 
or—” 

“Geary!” I said, and Brown agreed. 

As we followed the cop down the high¬ 
way, Brown said: "You see! He tipped 
off Geary. Told him the exact location, 
and Geary had a look at the body before 
he notified the police. Yes, the Murder 
Syndicate will get its full share of pub¬ 
licity. Front-page stuff that no money 
could buy.” 

And we were there. We didn’t have to 
follow the cop any longer. The lights of 
cars, the movement of uniformed men, 
the ambulance. And by the door of the 
boarded-up .bungalow—for the season 
was long since past—Inspector Ramsey. 

"There’s your hunch!” Ramsey jerked 
a thumb toward the door. “I don’t know 
what the boys who have been shadowing 
your suspects will have to say, but I gave 


orders to get me a full report at once.” 

“That’s right” Brown’s voice was 
dead. "But quite unnecessary. The lead¬ 
er of the Murder Syndicate stepped out 
himself tonight.” Brown paused. “Is it 
very bad?” 

“Bad!” Ramsey swung on him. “I’ve 
been on the force for years, never heard 
tell of anything like it. God! The hospi¬ 
tal doctor says he’s been nailed there for 
two days.” 

“Dead that long?” I looked at Brown. 

But it was Ramsey who spoke. “I did¬ 
n’t say ‘dead.’ ” His voice choked. “I 
said ‘nailed there.’ He’s been dead only a 
few hours. Rigor mortis just set in.” 

Brown straightened, stiffened, turned 
toward the door. 

Ramsey grabbed me by the arm. 

"It’s no grief to me what you do, Con¬ 
don. But go in that house now, and I’ll 
take my oath you spend the best part 
of a month wishing you hadn’t.” 

CHAPTER FIVE 

The Man on the Wall 

TD AMSEY was right, exactly right. I 
did go in, and I did wish that I had¬ 
n’t. There is nothing to tell, nothing to 
write of what I saw in that room. Let me 
simply say that I went out, sat on the 
single step that led to the rear porch and 
was violently sick, and without shame. 

How Brown stayed in that room I 
don’t know, but he did stay. When he 
left, he was bending forward reading the 
words on the note that had been on the 
man’s chest I had read the big letters, 
of course—just the words, THE MUR¬ 
DER SYNDICATE. 

Cleary, of the Clarion, came over and 
sat down beside ma. “I got a tip, Con¬ 
don,” he said. “You know how news¬ 
paper work is! And I came right out, 
found him like that. There was a mes¬ 
sage under the big printed words. It took 



24 


Dime Detective Magazine 


me a hell of a time to write it down; my 
hand shook like the devil. Listen to this! 
It gave the lad’s name and address and 
said he was planted there, raving and 
screaming, Thursday evening at eight- 
fifteen. God! Forty-eight hours before 
he died. Listen to the rest of the note!” 
He produced a small flash and read aloud 
from some notes he had made. 

“This man defied the Murder Syndi¬ 
cate. He did not pay. He went to tfie 
police. He is of little importance to any¬ 
one but his wife and three children. 

“On the thirteenth of the month the 
Murder Syndicate will strike at another, 
one of the city’s most prominent citizens. 
He has already sought the police, sought 
the protection of the district attorney and 
Detective Vee Brown. This protection 
will not help him. Remember the date. 
Friday the thirteenth! One of the city’s 
most prominent men. 

“After that date, the same fate; the 
same death for all those who do not pay. 
You pay or you die.—The Murder Syn¬ 
dicate.’’ Cleary finished, folded the sheet 
carefully and put it in his pocket. “Make 
anything out of it, Condon?” 

If he thought to take advantage of my 
condition or not, I didn’t know. I only 
shook my head. Everything was turning 
over inside of me. 

“Hell!” said Cleary, “this thing will 
raise a stink to high heaven. It—” He 
swung, looked around to the front of the 
cottage. “Here’s the D. A.—old Mortimer 
Doran himself. I’ll see if I can get a 
statement, catch him off his guard just as 
he comes out” And Cleary left me. 

ly/TORTIMER DORAN left his own 
' LTJ ' car and rode back to town with us. 
He was silent, sunk far back in a corner 
of the rear seat. 

I, couldn’t stand the silence. Finally I 
broke it; said: “But, Vee. Why all that 


stuff on the note ? He never went to the 
police, was never even threatened. What 
good does the note do then?” 

“We know he didn’t come to the police, 
Dean, but the men the Syndicate demands 
money from—God knows how many of 
them—don’t know it. They’ll think our 
statement to the papers just an attempt to 
cover our own inefficiency.” 

“Our own inefficiency!” Mortimer Do¬ 
ran said. “Perhaps they are right. So 
the murderer called you on the telephone 
—called Cleary, of the Clarion, too!” 

“There was a leak,” Brown said. “This 
Murder Syndicate knew of our sudden 
interest in a certain type of criminal and 
was therefore smart enough to avoid con¬ 
tact with any of them. Of course it might 
be possible to trace the man or men who 
delivered the victim to the shack, but 
there’re thousands who would do that 
for a few hundred dollars—not knowing 
the truth, of course. Tomorrow, when 
they do learn the truth—well, it’s hardly 
possible that they will be anxious to talk, 
and impossible that they know who the 
man was who hired them. But it’s the 
leak that interests me. If we could trace 
that—” 

“Leak? Hell!” Mortimer Doran was 
jarred into animation. “You’re talking 
like a child. You know as much about 
police business as I do, and a damn sight 
more. We must have used a hundred men 
in looking up those records, trailing men, 
sending wires all over the country.” 

Brown nodded, called to Wong to stop 
the car, leaned out and bought a paper 
from a boy who was bellowing, “Extra 1” 
He snapped on the dome light. We all 
looked down at that paper and all re¬ 
mained silent for the space of a full min¬ 
ute, hardly breathing. For there, spread 
across the whole front page of the Cla¬ 
rion, was a picture—a photograph of the 
frightful thing I had seen two short hours 
before. 



Red Friday 


25 


Vee Brown said finally: “So Cleary 
had a cameraman with him. He telephoned 
in his story, and the lad rushed back with 
the plate even before Geary notified the 
police.” 

“The skunk l” said Mortimer Doran. 

Brown shook his head. “He’s doing his 
job, just as I’m doing mine and you are 
doing yours. His is to gather the sensa¬ 
tional.” And to me, “You see, Dean, the 
inhuman monster you call mad saw to it 
that the advertising value of his—his 
murder, was fully taken advantage of.” 

“And there’s no way to find him.” 
This from Doran as we stopped before 
his house. 

“Only one, I can think of now,” Vee 
answered absently. “Locate a house 
where this picture”—he tapped the front 
page of the paper—“is kept and framed, 
and we’ll have our murder monster.” 

Doran stood at the curb and looked at 
Vee. “By Godl” he said. “You’re not 
trying to be funny?” 

Brown shook his head. “No. Any man 
who could treat another human so, with 
money the only motive, must have the type 
of brain that would glory in keeping such 
a reminder of his act.” And suddenly, 
“They’ll ride hell out of us in the papers, 
but I think the little salesman from Illi¬ 
nois did not die in vain. I think his death 
will lead to the Murder Syndicate.” 

“How? When? Can I give that to the 
papers ?” 

“I am not sure—how. But I think I 
know—when. I hope to know positively 
tomorrow.” 

Mortimer Doran’s voice was not pleas¬ 
ant. “You think you know when! When 
is that?” 

“The end of next week, Mr. Doran. 
Friday the Thirteenth.” 

We were gone then, turning across 
town toward Park Avenue and home. 

“Vee,” I said, “you’re not just guess¬ 
ing—hoping ?” 


“Both.” He looked at me in the dark¬ 
ness. “But I’ll know tomorrow. If the 
Murder Syndicate runs true to form, I’ll 
know,” 

“What do you mean—true to form?” 

“Well”—Brown stroked his chin—“you 
remember when Ludwig Loudon died. 
Each of the Murder Syndicate’s—shall I 
call them clients—received a letter the 
following morning, and the letter an¬ 
nounced the name of their victim and 
what time the body would be discovered.” 

“I remember.” I nodded. “Several 
brought in their letters. But there’s little 
hope there. The Murder Syndicate was 
wise enough to mail those letters so they 
would not be delivered until long after 
the victim was discovered dead. You 
don’t expect to trace the murderer back 
through those letters, or letters that peo¬ 
ple may bring to the police tomorrow!” 

“No,” said Brown. “But I’ve got an 
idea—an idea I don’t believe even the 
Murder Syndicate will think of.” He was 
opening the door of our apartment, stop¬ 
ping, listening, sniffing the air. “We 
have,” he said, “a visitor.” 

“Who?” I went clumsily for my gun. 

“Who has a key? Just—” 

“Pal—Gertrude la Palatin.” I dashed 
into the room ahead of him. 

CHE was there, stretched out on the 
^ couch. She looked at me, smiled, 
sent a ring of smoke toward the ceiling. 
It was the tobacco, then, that Vee had 
smelled. She took my hand, squeezed it, 
winked at me as Vee entered the room. 

If he was glad to see her he didn't show 
it. He said: “So you’re not working with 
me any more. That it?” 

“Not with you, but for you.” She sat 
up now. “If the mountain won’t come to 
Mohammed—Really, Vee, I thought 
you’d have more nerve and come around.” 

He stood and looked at her, his face 
hard, his lips tight, his eyes black, gleam- 



26 


Dime Detective Magazine 


ing slits. Then he smiled. “Damn it. 
Pal! I think I’m jealous.” 

“Of Teddy Melrose?” She came to her 
feet. “I love you for that. And—yes— 
it’s not Vivian, the song writer, who’s 
jealous. It’s the cold-blooded, killing dick, 
Vee Brown. I’d have believed.” 

He grinned then. “I don’t like him. Pal. 
He’s a playboy gone broke. Where does 
he get the money to take you around? 
Not from his aunt.” 

“No.” She shook her head. “And not 
from Ramsey—that is, all of it. Believe 
it or not, Vee, I’ve been footing most of 
the bills.” 

Vee frowned, and when she waited, 
“Yes ? Tell me about it. I didn’t think he 
had come down that far. He’s making 
some money—not a lot, but some.” 

“He’s not a gigolo, if that’s what you 
mean,” Pal told him. “He made me a 
straight business offer. I went out with 
him first to find out what I could about 
Ramsey. Melrose isn’t a bad sort, Vee. 
He talks of building up his fortune again. 
Just needs money to start—one big bank 
roll. And that roll he hopes will be the 
reward money for the capture of the 
head of the Murder Syndicate.” 

"But Pal, he’s useless. He was threat¬ 
ened, got a letter telling him how to pay, 
and he and Ramsey and Dean went 
through with it and nearly died. Teddy 
Melrose broke loose and ran—just as I 
saved them. He hid like a scared rabbit 
outside the house; we picked him up later 
with the car.” 

Gertrude la Palatin said: “While Ted¬ 
dy Melrose was hiding someone came to 
the window of that house, and that ‘some¬ 
one’ was the leader of the Murder Syn¬ 
dicate. He shot through the window and 
killed Ulrich Rossimire, just as he was 
about to tell you the leader’s name. Re¬ 
member that?” 

“I’d hardly forget it,” said Vee. “So 
what?” 


And Pal threw her bombshell. "Teddy 
Melrose told you he saw a man running 
from that window, but he didn’t tell you 
just how near he was to that man or that 
he saw the man’s face.” 

“God, no!” Brown swung, half shook 
the girl. His eyes blazed. “No, he didn’t 
tell me that. He recognized the face?” 

The girl grinned. “Now aren’t you glad 
you didn’t scare me out of this racket?” 

"Come Pal!” Vee sat down on the 
couch. “It isn’t the time for nonsense.” 

“Sol I’ll tell it from the beginning. 
Ramsey sicked Teddy Melrose on me. 
Ramsey more than suspects I was active 
with you in various cases, and he found 
out that I was often with Ulrich Rossi¬ 
mire. Teddy Melrose told me that the 
second time he took me out. He put it 
very bluntly and very straight. ‘I’m sent 
out after you by Ramsey, and you’d better 
watch him,’ he told me. ‘He thinks you’ve 
got some kind of a past but isn’t sure. 
Now—I know you’ve got a past. I mixed 
around pretty much and knew most of 
the big shots in the rackets. If Ramsey 
knew what I know about you, he’d send 
you back to prison.’ ” 

Brown jarred off the couch. "Teddy 
Melrose knows—knows you escaped from 
prison!” 

“See, Vee!” I cut in. “You were going 
to fix that with the D. A., with the gov¬ 
ernor. Now—” 

HPHE girl said: “He didn’t say he knew, 
A and he didn’t threaten to send me back 
to prison. It might have been blackmail, 
but he made it very much of a business 
proposition. He thinks he recognized the 
head of the Murder Syndicate, and of 
course realizes that he’ll have to have 
evidence. He told me that he was prac¬ 
tically broke, suggested that I pay our 
expenses travelling around the hot spots 
until he saw the man he thought he recog¬ 
nized, again. Then I was to meet this 



Red Friday 


2 !t 


man, go around with him, get the evidence 
—or, at least, find out what I could.” 

“And you were to split the reward 
money, I suppose.” I put that one in. 

Pal laughed. “He wasn’t that generous, 
but he did promise to reimburse me for 
our little dinners and suppers out of the 
reward.” 

“He warned you, of course, against 
saying anything about this to me.” 

Pal puckered her lips. 

“That's the strange part of it. He didn’t. 
He simply suggested that I say nothing 
to you until we were ready to strike. Then 
he wanted me to tell you. He says you 
don’t like him, Vee. But he rather likes 
you—at least, believes in you—and trusts 
you enough to take your word that, if 
the arrest or the killing is yours, the 
money is his.” 

“And if you wouldn’t agree, he threat¬ 
ened to tell what he knew of your past.” 

“No—” she shook her head—“he didn’t. 
He just seemed to think me fitted for the 
job that’s to be done. But he made no 
threats." 

“But suggested threats, eh?” 

She seemed to think a moment. “I’m 
not sure that he did. He’s cold blooded 
as hell, Dean—no doubt about that. Won¬ 
ders if we stall off a while, will the reward 
be larger! Cynical too; but then—he’s 
set on getting back at the friends who de¬ 
parted with his money ! He told me, Vee, 
that he’s suggested investments to people 
that netted them a fortune, and now they 
won’t even recognize him, just give him 
a quick nod. It seems almost like an 
obsession with him.” 

“Sounds sort of childish,” Vee said. 

“Yes, it does. But it’s understandable.” 

“What did you agree on—with him ?” 

“Well—” Pal’s lips twisted slightly— 
“I took him up, paid our way. And—” 

“And—7” Vee encouraged. 

“And tonight I had dinner with the 
suspect, the man Teddy Melrose saw run¬ 


ning from the window after Ulrich Ros- 
simire was shot dead at your feet” 

I was startled and shewed it Brown 
was startled, too. 

“His name 1” Vee gulped. “You know 
his name?” 

“Of course,” she said. “Johnny Fitz¬ 
patrick.” 

T DON’T know why I laughed, but I 
did. Maybe it was because of the in¬ 
congruity of the name. Hardly one you'd 
pick for the name for a fiend. 

Brown said: “Johnny Fitzpatrick! Well 
known in the rackets, smartest and most 
dangerous of aH the ex-bootleggers.” 

“Was he on your list?” I asked. 

“No, no. He wasn’t And the last man 
I’d think of putting there. He cashed in 
with Repeal, and I understood was Irving 
on pre-Repeal profits. But he never—. It 
seems incredible." 

Pal said : “That’s what I told Teddy 
Melrose after I met the man. He’s rather 
nice, rather quiet. A little gray around the 
temples—and seems glad to be out of it 
all.” 

“And what did Mdrose say?" 

“Melrose said there had to be a first 
time for everything. That a few years 
ago it would seem impossible to him to be 
sitting there, letting me pay for his food 
and wine.” 

“And he’s right." Brown finally nodded. 
“Yes, there’s got to be a first time for 
everything. You’ll have to cut it, Pal; 
you’re in great danger. If Teddy Melrose 
has found the right man—.” And I knew 
Vee was thinking of the message of the 
Murder Syndicate that had come over the 
phone—. Take care of Miss la Palatin. 

“1 can’t quit it” Green eyes flashed. 

“You’re afraid of Mdrose—that he’ll 
talk about your past. That’s why you 
can’t quit?” 

“I don’t think so,” she said. “I think 
it’s something stronger than that It’s the 



28 


Dime Detective Magazine 


past itself, Vee. I keep telling myself 
that it’s over and done with, but it isn’t. 
It’s there after the years. There are times 
when I want to open my window and 
yell it for all the world to hear. ‘I’m a 
crook. I’ve been in jail. I’m a sham and 
a—’ No, no. It’s as if I’d been seeking 
freedom, and now feel that I’m finding 
it.” She clenched her hands. “I know 
what happened tonight.” She pointed 
toward the radio. “It came in over the 
air. I’m going through with it. I’ve got 
to go through with it! I’ve got to know 
he’s caught, or dead. Then I’ll be free!” 

She turned, fled toward the hall and 
the door, swung back. “I wanted to tell 
you, wanted you to know, if—if anything 
happens to me.” 

Brown let her go without making a 
move to stop her. He simply took the 
Clarion from his pocket and looked long 
and steadily at the picture. 

“She has to do it, Dean,” he said after 
a while. “In a way she’s like me. The 
thing’s gripping her, tearing inside her 
body. Something she can’t get rid of. 
I’ve killed men—many men. Now—. By 
God, Dean! I’d die willingly tomorrow— 
tonight—if first I could have that mon¬ 
ster lying at my feet and pump lead into 
his stomach.” 

I said, without thinking, without mean¬ 
ing anything: "Why in the stomach?” 

He said, simply enough: “Because it 
hurts more in the stomach.” 

CHAPTER SIX 

The Letter 

rpHE next morning Brown was up early. 

We had a visitor. He was an excited, 
nervous little man who had inherited 
money and lived out on Long Island. His 
name was J. Seymour Brentwood, and he 
looked every letter of the name. He was 
talking when I came into the room. 

“I hope the thing’s not a joke, Mr. 


Brown. I hope one of the neighbors 
wouldn’t perpetrate such a joke. Yet—I 
came to you because—well, I didn’t want 
my name tossed about in the press. My 
wife’s a Stevens, you know. The Massa¬ 
chusetts Stevens. Her family wouldn’t 
like it a bit.” 

“Did you show it to your' wife—any¬ 
one?” 

“No, I didn’t.” Though the room was 
not warm the man rubbed great beads of 
perspiration from his head. “It’s a ghastly 
joke, though. I had just read my paper 
when the note came.” 

Brown had passed the note to me and 
I was reading it. 

Dear Mr. Brentwood:— 

You have already read in your morn¬ 
ing paper of the unfortunate and horrible 
death of Janies Francis Stacey, in the 
shack on Staten Island. If you will ex¬ 
amine the post mark on this envelope you 
will note that the letter was received in 
the United States post office several hours 
before the dead body was found. 

You have been selected by THE MUR¬ 
DER SYNDICATE to pay the sum of 
twenty-five thousand dollars in cash or 
meet the same unpleasant fate. Therefore 
it is necessary for you to get together 
that amount in bills of small denominations 
before noon on Saturday, the Fourteenth of 
the present month. On that date you will 
receive in the first mail full instructions 
as to how to turn this money over to the 
Murder Syndicate. 

The papers no doubt have also informed 
you that on the night of Friday the Thir¬ 
teenth a very prominent citizen will die. 
On the morning of the Fourteenth you will 
receive a letter telling you who this man 
is, and the post mark of this letter will con¬ 
vince you that the dead man was alive and 
well the very moment that letter to you was 
received by the United States post office. 

He has appealed to the police. But we 
have planned his death, and nothing can 
save him. If, after this man dies and you 
read the letter, you are not convinced that 
our demands must be met, we can give you 
but one more demonstration. That is—to 
nail your own living body to a wall. 

THE MURDER SYNDICATE. 



Red Friday 


29 


“You see the point, don’t you. Dean? 
Just as I said.” 

“But why doesn’t the Murder Syndicate 
mail the letters sooner if they want to 
convince their victims the police can’t 
protect the man?” 

“Good old stupid Dean.” Vee ignored 
our agitated visitor. “The thing is simple. 
If we knew the victim we could very 
easily protect him. Only the Murder Syn¬ 
dicate knows the victim until after the 
cri&e has been committed. He has laid his 
plans, picked his victim, and is sure 
enough to name him in a letter before he 
is killed, or even taken by him. Partly 
conceit, Dean, but mostly good business. 
It is rather horrifying for those threat¬ 
ened to know that when that letter was 
written the victim was alive and well. 
Also it impresses them with the Murder 
Syndicate’s inevitability. He did the same 
thing at the time of Ludwig Loudon’s 
death.” 

"DROWN turned to the nervous little 
man. “It’s not a joke, Mr. Brent¬ 
wood—far from it," he said seriously. He 
crossed the room and laid both his hands 
on the man’s shoulders. “You are for¬ 
tunate in coming to me. I can save your 
life and I can save your money. You must 
not tell what was in this letter to anyone 
—not anyone.” Vee folded the letter and 
put it in his pocket. “If you obey that 
simple instruction I promise you you will 
be quite safe.” 

“But they say—the letter says he—this 
man went to the police and—.” He pointed 
at Brown’s pocket “If you notice the 
envelope that contained the letter; it’s 
slightly blurred, but the post mark is 
six-thirty. I put a magnifying glass on it.” 

“You see, Dean,” Vee half threw at 
me. “The very fact that this Murder 
Syndicate can convince his victims that 
his letter was written some hours before 
the body was found strikes them with a 


sort of awe, a terror. And of course they 
believe that the murdered man is not only 
known to the police but has sought police 
protection. Even such a stout-hearted 
citizen as Mr. Brentwood feels the in¬ 
fluence.” 

“I—well,” Brentwood stammered, “I 
felt it a duty to come. I’m not afraid, Mr. 
Brown—hardly that.” His laugh was 
shrill and false. “But my wife, you know. 
Her family—the Stevens. Good God! To 
be nailed to a wall like that. Can’t the 
police—can’t you—” 

“Stop it? Certainly.” Brown nodded. 
“You are in an enviable position, Mr. 
Brentwood. Upon your actions from now 
on, until the night of the Thirteenth, rests 
the life of a man; perhaps the lives and 
happiness of many men—but at least the 
life, of the one mentioned in this letter.” 

“Yes, yes. But I don’t quite under¬ 
stand.” Bent shoulders straightened slight¬ 
ly. If he didn’t get Brown’s words he got 
the tone of his voice—one of respect, 
admiration—and he liked it. 

“And that’s even nobler,” said Brown. 
“Doing this for the good of your city and 
not fully understanding it! Your promise? 
You will do nothing? Act as you always 
acted?” 

“Well—yes.” He took Brown’s hand. 

“Good! Dean, take Mr. Brentwood out 
the back entrance, through the court, and 
see him safely in a cab.” 

I got Brentwood as far as the door 
when he turned, jerked his arm free, made 
a couple of false starts and finally got the 
words out. “I—I want to do what I can, 
Mr. Brown. But I must think of my wife. 
I—I might draw the money from the 
bank. It will look like good faith.” 

“That, Mr. Brentwood, is your own 
business. I shall treat your visit confiden¬ 
tially as you requested when you came 
in. But, if you do as I say, act your 
normal self and don’t go around talking, 
there will be no Murder Syndicate to pay 



30 


Dime Detective Magazine 


the money to on the morning of Saturday 
the Fourteenth.” 

When I got back to the apartment Vee 
Brown was rubbing his hands, humming 
softly. “You’ll have to go back downstairs 
again. Dean. To let in Mr. Wiley. You 
don’t know him, eh? A broker. I’ve done 
business with him. You see, he’s about 
Brentwood’s build, age, general appear¬ 
ance. There’s just a chance that the apart¬ 
ment is watched and Brentwood was 
spotted coming in.” 

“And you want this Wiley to come in 
the back and go out the front, as Brent¬ 
wood?” 

“Not exactly. I want him to go out 
the front, as Wiley. If he’s shadowed, 
they’ll know he’s a broker who has done 
business with me before.” 

T GUESS it was a full half hour later 
A that Wiley had come and gone. After 
seeing him out the front entrance I re¬ 
turned to Brown with the information 
that a man had slipped around the comer 
and followed Wiley in a taxi. 

“Good!” said Vee, and as Wong came 
through with his bag, “Take it to the 
Newark airport, Wong. Yes, Dean, that’s 
right. I’m making a flying trip to Wash¬ 
ington—a secret one, too.” The upstairs 
hall-door bell rang. “Go out the side 
entrance, Wong, after the gentlemen are 
in.” And to me when Wong had gone 
and Vee was starting for the door, “That 
will be Mortimer Doran and, I daresay, 
Ramsey—who is afraid I may have found 
out something he missed.” And rubbing 
his hands, “Which I have, Dean....” 

Brown was right. Ramsey was with the 
D. A., and also Teddy Melrose, to whom 
Vee was especially cordial. “I’m glad you 
came, Mr. Melrose. I want to have a word 
with you in private, after Mr. Doran 
and Inspector Ramsey leave.” 

Teddy Melrose’s eyebrows went up; 
fish eyes stared. “Yes?” he said. 


Mortimer Doran did most of the talk¬ 
ing. “We’ve had visitors downtown. 
Inspector Ramsey was kind enough to 
call me in.” 

Brown let me read the letters Mortimer 
Doran held out. There were nine of them. 
They were all the same, word-for-word 
copies of Brentwood’s letter. Only the 
amounts differed. 

“I thought there would be more than 
that,” Doran said. “I thought the Murder 
Syndicate, with this threat about the Thir¬ 
teenth, was going into it wholesale.” 

“Maybe he has,” Ramsey cut in. “May¬ 
be other men who got the same notes 
are scared stiff. Take these men here!” 
Ramsey tapped the letters. “All of them 
well fixed, and the amounts well within 
their means. It may be like that with 
many others, and they intend to pay or 
just to sit tight and see what happens on 
the Thirteenth.” And with a half sneer, 
“Mr. Doran tells me you’ve got things 
sewed up, Brown, so nothing will happen 
on the Thirteenth.” 

“Perhaps I have.” 

“You were to let Mr. Doran know for 
certain today, I understood.” 

“That’s right.” 

“You had any callers? Anyone with a 
letter come straight to you?” 

“Hardly.” Brown smiled. “But I’d like 
to interview the men who came to see 
you.” 

“I’ve got a list of their names.” Ramsey 
gave it to Vee. “Everything open and 
above board. Now—what’s your dope, 
eh?” 

“I am expecting a tip. Indeed, I’ve had 
the tip, but I’m expecting something else 
later in the day.” And turning to Doran, 
“I’m sorry you spoke of this. In a way, 
I meant it to be confidential.” 

“Well,” Doran said—and, “Well,” 
again. “I had to say something.” 

“That’s right.” Melrose spoke for the 
second time. “They’ve given you quite 



Red Friday 


31 


a send-off, Mr. Brown. Detective Vee 
Brown, Killer of Big Boy Wallace, to Ar¬ 
rest Head of Murder Syndicate on the 
Thirteenth. Something like that. Early 
afternoon editions.” 

Brown looked at Doran. 

Doran shuffled his feet, looked toward 
the ceiling. Then he suddenly blustered: 
“Yes, I gave it out. What the hell could 
I do? The place was lousy with reporters. 
I had to say something. And, damn it. 
Brown! I’ve given you your way in this 
case, let you run things to suit yourself. 
Now—you’ve got to make good!” 

“Or you’ll take it out of my hide Friday 
the Thirteenth. Well I don’t blame you. 
So—7.” 

“So—what?” Ramsey’s face shot for¬ 
ward. 

"Why, I’ll have to drag in the leader 
of the Murder Syndicate, of course.” 

“You’re going out and get him?” 

“Not exactly,” said Vee, and that 
twisted little smile was in one comer of 
his mouth. “I won’t go out and get him. 
I’ll sit down and let him come to me.” 

TNSPECTOR RAMSEY didn’t like it. 

But Teddy Melrose stayed behind after 
they left. The door was hardly closed 
when Vee came back into the living room 
and stood facing Melrose. “Melrose,” he 
said, “what’s the racket?” 

Melrose smiled down at the diminutive 
detective. “That’s all right,” he said. 
“Miss la Palatin said she spoke to you.” 

“And did you approve?" 

Broad shoulders shrugged. “Not exact¬ 
ly. I thought it was premature, disclosing 
my suggestion.” 

“Suggestion!” echoed Brown. And 
then, “You mean ‘threat.’ ” 

“I mean exactly what I said—sugges¬ 
tion.” 

“You are in a position to send Miss 
la Palatin to prison. You know that” 

Melrose stiffened. “I am quite aware of 
that” 


“Then,” said Brown, “be quite aware 
of this. I am very fond of Miss la 
Palatin.” A moment’s pause. “Maybe 
more than just fond of her. I want to 
impress you, Melrose. You blackmail 
Miss la Palatin, open your mouth about 
her past—and I’ll get you.” 

“You’d kill me, eh?” His eyes widened. 
“By God! I believe you would.” 

“Believe it! A blackmailer should—” 

Teddy Melrose’s right hand swung 
quickly. It was a hard blow, but not 
particularly well timed. Brown was always 
quick, but now he only moved his head. 
The fist whizzed by harmlessly. 

Melrose grunted, jarred back. He had 
not seen—neither had I—the gun that 
was there now in Vee’s hand, planted 
hard into his stomach. 

“I’m sorry, Mr. Melrose,” said Brown, 
“but nature has not gifted me with great 
physical strength. I wouldn’t try another 
blow.” 

Melrose grinned—actually grinned. And 
it wasn’t a bad grin. “Put up the gun,” he 
said. “I lost my head.” And when the 
gun disappeared with a single quick 
motion, "There! I can talk better. I’m not 
a blackmailer and didn’t like the word. 
But I see your point. Miss la Palatin can 
withdraw from our little understanding 
any time she wishes, and need have no 
fear that Ill ever talk. To me, it was 
simply business.” 

“What do you want out of it?” 

“I want money. The crimes have been 
of a ghastly nature. I am shocked and 
horrified, like anyone else. But I’m not 
a fool. I want only one thing out of it.” 
He leaned forward now. “I want money 
—all I can get—all the traffic will bear. I 
want money! There you are. If you don’t 
want Miss la Palatin in it, get her out of 
it—come in yourself.” 

“What about Ramsey?” 

“What about him?” Melrose fairly 
flung the words at Brown. “He thinks 



32 


Dime Detective Magaxii 


he’s using me and will drop me when the 
break comes, if I don’t drop him first” 

“Does Ramsey know you saw this 
man?” 

"He knows that I saw a man, and he 
knows that I think I recognized that man. 
I’m stalling Ramsey along.” He smiled. 
“I'm ostensibly trying to stir up my mem¬ 
ory, looking for the face I saw.” 

T>ROWN nodded. “So that’s it. That’s 
^ why he didn’t want me to see you 
alone.” 

“I’m not accountable to Ramsey.” Mel¬ 
rose sort of stiffened. “Nor to any man. 
But if you want to work with me, I’m 
willing. It seemed to me that through 
Miss la Palatin—who would finally con¬ 
vince you I was right—and then through 
you, was the best way to work it. I saw the 
man. I know who he is. It’s up to you to 
trap him or get a confession out of him. 
I can’t do that.” 

"It’s Fitzpatrick, eh? That seems un¬ 
believable.” 

"Maybe it does,” said Melrose. "But 
that's the man I saw fire the shot through 
the window that killed Ulrich Rossimire. 
Take it or leave it. You can have all the 
glory as long as I get the money.” And 
after a bit, when Brown did not answer 
at once, “Call Miss la Palatin off if you 
want. I’m not a blackmailer. I’ll never 
make trouble for her.” 

Brown shook his head. “You don’t 
know that girl,” he said. “She’ll never 
quit, never lay down on the job.” 

“Well,” Melrose said, “are you with 
me?” His eyes narrowed. “Remember, 
Miss la Palatin gave her word that I’ll 
get the money—all of it.” 

Brown extended his hand, looked 
straight at Melrose. "I misjudged you, I 
guess. Yes, you have my word. You get 
the money—all of it.” 

Melrose held the hand a moment, finally 


dropped it “How will you work it? Have 
him watched?” 

“No, not exactly. We mustn’t make 
him suspicious. We’ll give him plenty of 
rope until next Friday night.” 

“Watch him then when he goes to—” 
Melrose’s shudder was quite visible. “I 
tell you, Brown, there are times when 
I’m scared.” 

"You don’t need to be. You’re too close 
to the police. The Murder Syndicate 
knows that. It would be sheer bravado 
to strike at you.” 

Melrose twisted up his face. “Bravado 
or not, it wouldn’t do me much good if 
I were dead—like that, on a wall.” 

There was more talk. Brown saying 
he would work it out, and Melrose con¬ 
tinually coming back to the question of 
money. And when he spoke of money, 
he spoke of those who had robbed him. 

When he was gone Brown said: “You 
saw it too. It’s not just greed. Dean. The 
man wants desperately to regain his lost 
place in the world. And this passion of 
his to start over, to strut the city again, 
may help us a lot. If he went to Ramsey, 
Ramsey, with the papers at his heels, 
would make the arrest and try to beat 
the truth out of Fitzpatrick.” 

“You don’t think it is Fitzpatrick?” 

"I’ve got an open mind.” Brown 
stroked his chin. “You see, it’s quite 
possible that the leader of this Murder 
Syndicate was not at the house that night 
and did not fire the shot through the 
window. Fitzpatrick might have done 
that, yet not be the leader—and not even 
know who the leader is.” 

“You don’t think Fitzpatrick capable 
of—” 

“How can we tell what a man is cap¬ 
able of? I don’t know what I’m capable 
of myself. Look at it this way, Dean. 
This leader is a shrewd man, and he 
knows that Gertrude la Palatin is very 
close to me. The moment he met her, 



Red Friday 


33 


wouldn’t he suspect that I suspected him? 
Granted that Fitzpatrick is this man, 
would he believe it a mere coincidence 
that they met? Would he have dinner 
with her, or—” 

“He’d kill her!” I cried out suddenly. 

"Would he?” Brown shook his head. 
“Would he kill her when it was known 
she’d been with him? Wouldn’t that give 
to me tiie very proof I seek? No, he 
wouldn’t kill her, Dean. But if he isn’t 
this leader, then Pal may learn something. 
For, if Melrose told the truth—then Fitz¬ 
patrick was paid by the Murder Syndicate 
to commit murder. I’m off to Washington. 
I’m worried about her, of course, but that’s 
not good logic. Reason tells me she’s 
safe, safer than she’s ever been.” And he 
was gone. 

T> EASON didn’t tell me the same thing 
that it told Brown; it didn’t tell me 
anything at all. Things were so utterly 
jumbled. 

And that’s how things stood, if they 
did stand at all, when Brown called me 
up from Washington and said he’d have 
to wait over until Monday, as the man he 
wanted to see was out of the Capitol 
for the weekend. It was Monday night 
when he came back and Tuesday night 
Pal had dinner with us in the apartment 
There was nothing new to tell about Fitz¬ 
patrick. 

"On the level, Vee,” she told him seri¬ 
ously, “I don’t know if he’s onto me or 
not But he does seem to enjoy me.” And 
when Vee frowned, “I don’t mean just 
my company. It’s as if he were laughing 
inside at something.” She leaned forward 
then. “I have a date with him for dinner 
and the theater on Thursday. He told me 
he couldn’t possibly see me Friday—he 
had a very important engagement.” 

“He had!” I popped that out. 

“How did he look when he said it?” 


Brown’s voice was quiet but his black 
eyes flashed. 

“He was smiling. Just smiling and nod¬ 
ding at me, almost as if it were confiden¬ 
tial.” 

Brown got up and paced the room. “If 
he’s in this thing, the man’s a fool to act 
like that, to say what he did.” And after 
a pause, “Fitzpatrick never was a fool.” 

CHAPTER SEVEN 
The Monster Strikes 

A N atmosphere of tenseness and horror 
hung over the entire city. At least 
it seemed that way to me. I know I didn’t 
sleep much, and when I did I’d wake up 
with a start, bathed in perspiration with 
a picture in my mind that only long pac¬ 
ing of the room and numerous cigarettes 
would erase. 

The papers kept the thing on the front 
pages. If the Murder Syndicate wanted 
advertising they certainly got it. Such a 
threat, such a menace had never hung 
over the city before. There were numer¬ 
ous pictures of James Francis Stacey, 
his wife and children. 

And Vee Brown. I had trouble getting 
him even to make a semblance of acting 
on the case. But I did persuade him to 
go and interview personally every man 
who had come to the police with a letter. 

“It’s a waste of time. Dean,” he argued. 
“But you’re right. I’ve got to do it. It 
would seem strange to the head of this 
Murder Syndicate if I didn’t, and make 
him suspect that I had a visitor of my 

“But what can your visitor do to help 
that the others can’t?” 

“A lot, Dean. A whole lot. Somehow 
this monster knows who goes to the 
police, and who doesn’t. He lays off those 
who do. And I don’t want him to lay 
off our little friend, J. Seymour Brent¬ 
wood.” 

That was early in the week, and Brown 



34 


Dime Detective Magazine 


had not told me why he went to Wash¬ 
ington, nor could I think out the reason. 

Pal called us up every night and twice 
during the day. She promised Brown that. 
She was still going with Fitzpatrick and 
was now thoroughly convinced that he 
was not only not the head of the Murder 
Syndicate, but had nothing to do with it. 

Thursday night, and the papers still 
carried the story—the distress of the 
widow—the loss of an adoring husband 
and worshiping father. 

“As a matter of fact,” Brown told me, 
“Stacey was neither a good husband nor 
a good father. He neglected his family. 
They were half clothed and half fed. He 
made a good salary but he spent plen¬ 
ty when he came on to the city. He 
liked to run around. That’s the reason he 
wasn’t missed. It was nothing for him 
to disappear from his hotel for days at 
a time. I daresay some dame picked him 
up, delivered him over to the boys who 
finally brought him to Staten Island. He 
leaned forward suddenly. “Do you know 
what I did in Washington?” 

“No!” I said eagerly. And then, “If 
you’re going to tell me, go ahead; if you’re 
just going to talk around things, why—” 

“I’m going to tell you. Dean. I went 
to see the post-office authorities; the 
big gun. Do you know what I wanted. 
Dean?” And when I didn’t, “Let’s go 
back to the death of Ludwig Loudon. He 
was killed well after midnight. The next 
morning several prospective clients of the 
Murder Syndicate received letters saying 
that Loudon would die, and those letters 
were postmarked early in the evening, 
before his death. With Stacey it was 
different. The letters were not only posted 
long after he was taken, but four to six 
hours before he was found. With the 
next victim the Murder Syndicate has 
promised to send its letter while the man 
is alive and free. You see the point?” 

I confessed that I didn’t 


XTEE stroked his chin. “Well, if I could 
” have one of those letters in my hand, 
naming the prominent man to be mur¬ 
dered, while the victim is still free, I 
could prevent his murder. Not only pre¬ 
vent the murder, but catch the Murder 
Syndicate right in the commission of his 
crime.” 

“But how, Vee?” I was puzzled. "The 
letters are never delivered until the next 
morning. The victims of the extortion 
don’t get them until long after the man 
is dead—and found.” 

“No, they don’t—but Uncle Sam does. 
They are in the United States post office. 
That’s what I went to Washington about. 
I want just one of those letters naming 
this prominent man—before he is taken 
and killed.” 

“But how—” 

“Brentwood—J. Seymour Brentwood. 
I want that letter as soon as it is received 
in the post office. See, Dean. If I have 
the name of the next prominent victim 
to be nailed up and have it before the 
crime takes place, I don’t have to go out 
and find the monster who runs this Mur¬ 
der Syndicate. I can wait until he comes 
to me, wait with the prominent victim.” 

He grinned crookedly. 

“Can—can the postal authorities do it?” 

“That’s what I asked myself.” Brown 
nodded. “But let me tell you. I talked to a 
big man—his name would surprise you. 
He listened, lifted his phone, talked to 
several people. Finally he turned to me. 
He said, ‘You’ll have your letter, Mr. 
Brown. You’ll have it five minutes after 
it is received at any post office.' No ‘ifs’ 
and ‘buts’, Dean. A straight statement.” 

“But if the victim is already taken—” 
t “According to Brentwood's letter, he 
^ would be alive and well. And they couldn’t 
have taken him now. Don’t forget this 
is to be a prominent man. If he were 
missing any length of time, the family 
would be worried; his business associates 



Red Friday 


35 


and the police would be notified. It’s not 
a sure thing. But I think the Murder 
Syndicate will run true to form this time. 
It’s their big knock-over. The pay-off 1” 

“You have told Mortimer Doran?” 

“No one; no one but you. We won’t 
have any leak this time.” 

“But the government might—” 

Vee grinned. “That’s one thing about 
the federal government—they don’t have 
leaks. I was assured of that, but I didn’t 
need to be. You see, Dean, they were as 
much interested in this case as I am.” 
He frowned. “That’s the one thing I 
didn’t like, didn’t like at all. It’s really a 
one-man job.” And with a nod when I 
would have cut in, “A two-man job, for 
I’ll want you, of course. I’m no good 
without an audience, Dean. But they in¬ 
sisted on having an operator with me. 
There was nothing to do about that. I’ve 
met him and you wouldn’t ask for a better 
man. 

"DROWN glanced at the clock. “Al- 
most one,” he said, “and we haven’t 
heard from Pal. I—” And the phone rang. 
“There she is! No coincidences, eh?” 

He lifted the phone, and I saw his face 
change. He said, “Yes,” then “Yes,” again 
in a low voice. I leaned forward, listened. 
It was the same rough voice, disguised, 
very unnatural—the head of the Murder 
Syndicate. 

"So there you have the picture, Mr. 
Brown. The little lady has disappeared. 
But don’t worry about her yet. Really, I 
haven’t time to bother with her now—but 
I will, after tomorrow night. I’m afraid 
you didn’t exercise any too good judgment 
as to her company. Melrose, you know, 
was not overcareful about his friends. He 
may have introduced her to a most unde¬ 
sirable acquaintance.” 

"Is she alive—now?” Brown’s voice 
was hollow. 

"Oh yes, quite alive. Disturbed, per¬ 


haps, mentally, for she must guess what 
her curiosity and—association with you 
has brought her. But indeed alive. I’m 
not simply going to kill her. It will be 
interesting. I have never experimented 
with women. I wonder if they take it as 
well—or should I say, as badly—as men. 
. . . What did you say?” And when 
Brown did not answer, “Yes, I am going 
to nail her up, conscious and shrieking, 
for you to find. You killed my men, 
spoiled my plans, almost ruined every¬ 
thing—including my reputation for pro¬ 
tecting those who aid me. Now, you’ve 
brought me out into the open, made me 
work alone. If that’s what you want— 
how do you like it? I’ll make you a pro¬ 
mise—yes, a promise. You will be the 
first to see her body, nailed there like 
the others.” 

Brown didn’t speak. I guess he couldn’t. 

“And, by the way! Don’t have a police- 
hunt If you do, I will know and act at 
once. She’ll go up first.” 

“You intend to go through with the 
other tomorrow night?” A voice spoke 
close to my ear; I knew it was Vee’s for 
I saw his lips move. But it didn’t sound 
like his voice, not a bit like it 

“Have I ever disappointed my clients? 
You lost me thousands of dollars, Mr. 
Brown. This time I will get millions. 
First our prominent man; then, our 
famous actress. I’m a little ashamed of 
myself, Mr. Brown. I pride myself on 
being a businessman. Yet, this woman— 
But we all have our weakness. A bit 
childish, eh? Just hate of you, perhaps. 
Though I set myself up as a syndicate, 
I'm afraid I am human after all.” 

And Brown broke loose. “Human?” 
He cursed and threatened. “Just a beast 1” 

There was a false sort of laugh over 
the wire. “And I thought you were a cool, 
calculating killer! You know—I hardly 
believed it, with such conceit as yours— 
but I think you’re in love with the girl.” 



36 


Dime Detective Magazii 


And suddenly, “If you make one move 
out of your house, one move on the 
public street, I’ll put her up at once.” 

There was the click of the receiver and 
Vee dropped into a chair. 

He was on his feet almost at once, 
though calling Pal’s apartment, speaking 
to the maid. Then he turned to me. “She’s 
not there. He’s got her.” This as if he 
hadn’t really believed it 

He took the drink I gave him, gulped 
it quickly, reached for the second, then 
hurled it into the fireplace. “It’s some¬ 
thing that can’t be drowned. Dean. I need 
the stimulant, but I need a clear head 
more. I was a fool. I should have dragged 
her away, locked her up, put a guard 
over her. I—” And then suddenly turning 
toward the door, grabbing up his coat, 
“You can come with me if you want.” 

It was no use to argue with him, though 
I did remind him of the man’s threat if 
he moved out of the house. 

“That’s because he’s afraid I might 
learn something. He’s—Are you com¬ 
ing?” 

W7"HAT a night! One spot after an- 
” other, as fast as a taxi could take 
us. Brown had just one thing in mind. He 
was looking for Johnny Fitzpatrick. 

He was like a man in a daze but he 
didn’t make his search pointed. Just in 
and out of places. 

Every once in a while he telephoned 
Pal’s apartment. The last time he came 
from the booth frowning. “She rang up. 
Dean. The maid was sure it was Pal, 
herself. She told the girl not to worry 
about her, that she’d be away for a day 
or so. By God, someone must have held 
a gun to her head!” 

“But why have her telephone at all?” 

“The Murder Syndicate didn’t want a 
police-hunt started, I guess. And it wasn’t 
the maid’s calling the police that he 
feared, but someone from outside calling 


Pal and the maid saying she didn’t know 
where she was. Or—or—” He grabbed 
my arm, looked wildly at me. “Funny, 
Dean—I’m hunting the city tonight, with 
a single purpose—to find Fitzpatrick and 
shoot him to death. Yet I can’t under¬ 
stand it, for I don’t believe he did it.” 

And perhaps a half hour later, when 
we left one of the hot spots, “You’ve let 
me act like a fool. Dean. I shouldn’t be 
out like this tonight. I—I—Damn it! 
We’ll go and see Irving Small. He knows 
everything.” 

We had been to see Small before “He 
knows nothing about this Murder Syn¬ 
dicate,” I said. I didn’t say a word to 
Brown about his tirade that I should have 
kept him home. I knew how he felt and 
wouldn’t argue that with him. 

It was dose to four o’clock when we 
got Irving Small out of bed. Small was 
the smartest fence in the dty, knew more 
about criminals than any other man and 
sold his information to Vee Brown. 
Brown hdd over his head a twenty-year 
stretch—which he conveniently forgot so 
long as Small was useful—and also paid, 
generously, for what he wanted. 

Now he backed the little man into a 
corner, stared straight into his eyes. 
“Irving,” he said, “I’ll give you ten 
thousand dollars for the name and where¬ 
abouts of the head of the Murder Syn¬ 
dicate.” 

Irving Small spread his hands far 
apart. “I’d tell you if I could, Mr. Brown; 
you know that. Most any of the boys 
would turn him up for a thin dime. He’s 
not of the city, not of the rackets. It’s a 
one-man show.” And when Brown just 
stared at him, “I know how he works, 
but it’s through different people. He 
knows the big crooks, approaches them 
over the phone or through others. They 
don’t know who they’re working for until 
—well, like that last one, the lad found 
on Staten Island. He uses many aliases. 



Red Friday 


37 


No one would work for him knowing—” 

“Small, this is known only to Dean and 
myself. Miss la Palatin has been snatched 
by the Murder Syndicate.” 

“Miss la Palatin! Mr. Brown, she— 
By God! Then I know who did it.” 

TRVING SMALL crossed the room, 

locked the door, went over and peered 
at the windows; not out them, peculiarly 
—at them. 

“You know!” Brown was eager. He 
was after the little old man, shaking him. 

“Maybe I don’t know, but I might 
guess. For God’s sake, Mr. Brown! You 
won’t do anything until you’re sure?” 

Vee set his lips tightly. "I won’t do 
anything that will get you in trouble.” 

Irving Small’s head bobbed up and 
down. “There’s a man on the Avenue. A 
crook that was a gentleman—a racketeer 
with a word he wouldn’t break—one of 
the straightest crooks the city has ever 
seen. He’s been away for a while—saved 
up and quit with Repeal. Well, he’s back. 
And he’s been talking, hinting that the 
Murder Syndicate had a great racket, 
and those who wouldn’t pay deserved 
what they got. I didn’t believe it at first, 
he’d been such a straight shooter, but 
it came to me pretty straight. Then I 
heard that he was taking Miss la Palatin 
around.” 

“Yes.” Brown’s face turned milky 
white. “His name!” 

“You knew him. You’d hardly believe 
it. He must have lost his money. He’s— 
he’s—” 

“His name! His name!” Brown shot 
the words out, though he must have 
known what that name would be. 

“His name,” said Irving Small, “is 
Johnny Fitzpatrick.” 

I said to Brown: “You believe it now?” 

"Yes, yes.” Vee turned toward the 
door. “I must believe it now.” 

Irving Small followed him. "If you see 


Fitzpatrick you won’t—won’t tell him I 
told you 1” 

Vee Brown straightened; his lips were 
a long thin gash, his black eyes burning 
coals. “You don’t ned to worry about 
Fitzpatrick,” he said slowly. “When I 
see him I’ll shoot him to death.” 

We left the little pawnshops by the side 
door and went directly back to our apart¬ 
ment. 

I went to bed but I didn’t sleep. Twice 
I went down the hall and listened at 
Brown’s door. He was pacing back and 
forth; back and forth. 

CHAPTER EIGHT 
Red Friday 

*TIHE next day Vee tried to talk up his 
own spirits. “Just a few hours, Dean, 
and I’ll have him, force out of him where 
Pal is being kept You heard him say 
he wouldn’t harm her, wouldn’t hurt her 
until he was through with this prominent 
man.” He rubbed his hands together, put 
those black eyes on me—worried, flicker¬ 
ing eyes that for the first time didn’t seem 
capable of a direct look. And then, after 
he had built himself up to almost a cer¬ 
tainty of Pal’s safety, “By God, Dean! 
Maybe I should start a police drive, have 
every cop in the city looking for Johnny 
Fitzpatrick.” 

“You said yourself, Vee, they’d kill her 
then. They’d have to, to protect them¬ 
selves.” 

“But he couldn’t—not the head of the 
Murder Syndicate. He’s too busy today— 
must be. And—and—” He sat down in 
a chair, put his head in his hands. “Fitz¬ 
patrick—the others who hold her for him. 
They’d shoot her to death, strangle her, 
maybe just chloroform her. Don’t you 
see, Dean? Don’t you understand? I don’t 
want her to die—like Stacey,” 

I walked over to him and put a hand 
on his shoulder. 



38 


Dime Detective Magazine 


He jumped to his feet, said: “No word 
yet from the postal authorities, nothing 
about the letter.” 

“There couldn’t be, Vee. It’s scarcely 
noon.” 

“God!” He thumped a hand to his 
head. “I’ll get them, Dean. The Murder 
Syndicate, Fitzpatrick, anyone who had 
the least hand in it. I’ll devote my life to 
it. I’ll kill each one of them slowly, hor¬ 
ribly—” He turned on me. “I’m talking 
like a maniac and you let me rave. Am I 
the Crime Machine that all crooks fear? 
Well— he doesn’t fear me. He takes Pal 
and laughs at me.” 

“He does fear you, Vee. Can’t you see 
that? That’s why he took Pal—to throw 
you, make you useless when you’re most 
needed. Yes,” I said when he just stared 
at me. “You’ll lose your head, and Pal 
will pay for it." 

“Stop!” He jumped to his feet, glared 
at me. When he spoke again his voice 
was very calm. “You’re right, of course. 
Dean. Dead right! You’ll have nothing 
further to complain about—nor the peo¬ 
ple I serve—nor Pal.” 

He turned and left me, going straight 
to the gunroom. The sound-proof doors 
closed, but I knew that he was working 
the thing out of him. That each dull crack 
of his gun sent a mental bullet into the 
body of the Murder Syndicate. 

We never left the apartment. Vee had 
dinner with me. He didn’t talk, didn’t 
need to. His face was hard and cold, his 
lips tight, his eyes burning balls far back 
in his head. I didn’t talk either. 

\ FTER dinner Brown went out on the 
terrace and stood looking over the 
city. It was raw, mean, a misty rain in 
the air. I brought him out his coat. He 
didn’t speak, just nodded his head as 
he threw it over his shoulders. 

The phone rang as I went in. It might 
be the call Brown was expecting, hoping 
for. I lifted the receiver—and froze. The 


voice was the same. It was the head of 
the Murder Syndicate. 

He spoke quickly. “Vee Brown! You 
disobeyed orders and went out. Gertrude 
la Palatin is dead. They say lightning 
never strikes twice in the same place. Run 
out to Staten Island then. Good-bye!” 

The phone clicked. I looked at the clock. 
It was exactly fourteen minutes after 
eight. Should I tell Vee? Should I—And 
I looked at something else. At the figure 
that stood in the open French doors, the 
coat half around his shoulders, his hair 
matted down on his forehead, his black 
eyes blazing. 

“Well, who was it? The postal—” And 
moving forward, “It was the Murder 
Syndicate.” 

“He said—” I started, then couldn’t 
give him the message. 

“Yes?” His voice was very low. 

“The same thing, Vee. Threats. That 
you couldn’t stop him from making good 
tonight and—” 

“And Pal—Pal!” His eyes were fev¬ 
erishly bright—points of heated steel in 
the center. “She’s dead? She’s—He’s 
done k, Dean!” 

“She’s dead,” I said. Then I told him, 
gave him the message. I had to. 

There was no excitement after that. 
He seemed very calm. “The government 
has failed me. The Murder Syndicate has 
beaten me. I’ll have to go out to Staten 
Island. There’s a chance, just a possible 
chance that—My God! She may still be 
living. I’ll get the police out there and—” 

Wong said, as he followed a strange 
man into the room, “Brought him through 
servants’ entrance, as you make sugges¬ 
tion, Mr. Vee. This—he is the right one?” 
And from the position of Wong’s right 
hand beneath his white coat I knew it 
would go rather badly whh the stranger 
if he were not. 

“I’ve got the—the document.” The man 
hesitated, looked at me. 



Red Friday 


39 * 


“You’ll have to go it alone.” Brown 
spoke quickly, far back in his throat 
"You can talk to Dean here, and—yes, 
let me see it” This, as Wong left. Brown 
took the already opened letter from the 
man’s hand. 

The government man was surprised. 
“You’re not going with me 11 thought you 
wanted to— What’s the matter?” 

“She’s alive, Dean!” Vee cried out as 
he thrust the letter into my hand. “You 
were right. He’s afraid of me, wanted me 
out of things for tonight, far out—on 
Staten Island. Here 1 Let me read it again 
—all of it.” He snatched the letter. 

Later I got a look at it. It was much 
the same as the others. A rather long 
explanation of how Brentwood must pay 
the twenty-five thousand, which I didn’t 
read then and don’t consider of much im¬ 
portance now. But the thing that got me 
and got Brown was the last of it, brutally 
facetious. 

There is to be an added attraction to 
tonight’s little performance. Besides Alli¬ 
son Brackenbridge we are also adding the 
famous actress, Gertrude la Palatin, to our 
list The usual courtesy* shown the gentler 
sex will be missing on this occasion. She 
will meet death directly after the body of 
Allison Brackenbridge is found. 

Miss la Palatin has been under the per¬ 
sonal protection of Detective Vee Brown. 
The same Vee Brown who announced 
through the papers that he would take me 
tonight Friday, the Thirteenth. Miss la 
Palatin will be nailed up—a living picture 
of this detective’s conceit—and in retalia¬ 
tion for his former attack on me. 

T^EE BROWN, a different man now— 
T alert, eager, anxious—was speaking. 
His words jumped out. “Miss la Palatin’s 
life depends on our action tonight.” He 
turned to the stranger. “We are fortun¬ 
ate, Halley, that in this letter the Murder 
Syndicate does not name the place where 
the body is to be found. You know this 
Brackenbridge, Dean?” 

“Only that he’s vice-president of the 


Third National Bank and Trust Com¬ 
pany, that he has money and—I think— 
was divorced and married again.” 

The government man, Halley, said to 
Vee: "I’ve got orders that it’s your show, 
Mr. Brown. But I put a smart man on 
this Brackenbridge. He’ll get information 
—at least, all that’s necessary. I’ll just 
use this phone.” 

He did and it was surprising the infor¬ 
mation his man had obtained in that short 
time. Halley read it from the telephone 
notes he had made. 

“Age, fifty-two. This is his second 
wife. Divorced the first—over a woman 
—not the one he married. Has two chil¬ 
dren by his first wife—both married. One; 
child by—” He seemed to skip down the 
pad. “I got his address, of course. And 
he’s partial to women. That’s well known, 
I understand. He’s been blackmailed once 
or twice—or, at least, shaken down. But, 
outside of that — clubman, extremely 
wealthy, dignified and important. The man 
the big boys have to see when they want 
to borrow money from the bank.” 

“Everything but who he voted for at 
the last election.” 

“I could get that too, I guess.” Halley 
grinned. “Now what?” 

“Since we don’t know where he’s to 
be killed, or how he’s to be lured there, 
we’d better go straight to his house and 
size him up, see if he’s got the guts to 
play ball.” 

“Let’s get going!” Halley agreed. 

“Just one thing more.” Vee clutched 
his arm. “This is more than plain business 
with me, Halley.” He tapped the letter. 
“Miss la Palatin! This murderer has her 
prisoner. It may be hard to force him 
to tell us where she is. I want the oppor¬ 
tunity to do that before the police come.” 

Halley ran a hand through his hair, 
looked down at Brown. “It’s irregular, 
of course. But if I were searching the 
place for clues I couldn’t be expected to 
watch you, nor the man either.” 



40 


Dime Detective Magazine 


Both men looked at each other—black 
eyes and gray ones locked. They didn’t 
speak. After a half minute, perhaps, then- 
hands met. 

YJF7E went out into the drizzle, and to 
' '' the house of Allison Brackenbridge. 

“We’ll make it, Dean,” Brown told me 
over and over. “Our murderer always 
runs true to form." 

As we mounted the stone steps Brown 
said: “Now to frighten ten years from 
a man’s life!” He slid quickly into the 
vestibule and waited for the door to open. 

The butler was a stiff, oversized piece 
of wax work. He raised his eyebrows as 
if he had seen it done that way in the 
movies when the three of us pushed our 
way into the hall. Then he spoke far 
down in his chest. “Mr. Brackenbridge is 
out.” And to Vee Brown, who had said 
that Brackenbridge was expecting us, “He 
certainly must have entirely forgotten the 
appointment. He’s out every Friday night. 
Club, you know. Practically his only 
recreation from business." 

“What dub?” Brown demanded. 

“I’m sure I wouldn’t know that. And 
if I did know it I couldn’t take the liberty 
to —” 

“Who is at home?” 

“None of the family. At this time of 
the year they spend their weekends at—” 

“Damn their week-ends!” And catch¬ 
ing himself up, “It’s extremely important 
that we get in touch with Mr. Bracken¬ 
bridge—important to him.” 

The butler hesitated a long time, looked 
us over, finally said: “His secretary, Mr. 
Collins, happens to be here. I’ll tell him, 
if you’ll give me your names.” 

Halley stepped forward but Brown 
motioned him back, shook his head. 
"Never mind the names. Get Mr. Collins 
—at once.” 

The butler nodded, turned slowly about, 
and with measured tread crossed the hall 


to a door at the rear and at the extreme 
right. 

“Come on 1” Brown motioned to us to 
follow, and to Halley, “He doesn’t lode 
as if he’d talk, but I don’t want him to 
know we’re the law.” 

Mr. Collins stood behind a long flat 
desk with a multitude of papers before 
him. He was very tall and very thin and 
his shoulders bent forward. His age was 
perhaps forty. 

Brown said without preliminaries: 
“How long have you been with Mr. 
Brackenbridge ?” 

“Eleven years. I—” The man leaned 
over the desk, his eyebrows raised some¬ 
what like the butler’s. “Your question, 
sir, might be considered an impertinence 
and—” 

"Hell!” said Brown. “Where’s Brack¬ 
enbridge?” He snapped out a badge, 
pointed at Halley. “He’s a secret-service 
man. Ever hear of the Murder Syndi¬ 
cate?” 

“Yes. Why—certainly. Yes, I have.” 

“Then don’t monkey around. We’ve 
come here to save Mr. Brackenbridge’s 
life. He’s the next victim—tonight’s vic¬ 
tim. Now where is he ?” 

T^HE man’s face turned a sort of green- 
1 ish yellow, his arms seemed to fold 
up on the desk. He just slid, rather than 
fell into the chair. “No. Not Mr. Bracken¬ 
bridge! It couldn’t be.” 

“Where is he?” Brown demanded. 

“He’s at his dub. I can—can get hold 
of him there on the phone and tell him.” 
Collins reached for the phone. Brown 
never took his eyes off the man; his hand 
shot oifl, shoyed Collins back. “Give me 
the name of the dub. I’ll get him.” 

“It’s not exactly a club. It’s—it’s—” 

“It’s a dame, eh?” Brown nodded, and 
to Halley, “Of course that’s it The Mur¬ 
der Syndicate discovered he visited a 
woman. From what the butler said, it’s 



Red Friday 


41 


every Friday night. Or maybe, this time, 
for the weekend.” 

Collins’ tongue came out, ran over his 
lips. He sputtered: “The scandali Why 
not let me telephone him and warn him ?” 
And suddenly, “My God, gentlemen, this 
is terrible! I don’t know what to do, what 
to say. He’s— Just a young lady he has 
grown interested in, as if she were his 
own daughter. His own children being 
married, and—” 

“Her name! Her address! Is he there 
now?” Brown slammed out the words. 

“Miss Claire Vaugne.” Collins gave us 
an address further uptown. “You think 
this devil knew about the—the young 
lady? Why it’s ghastly. Mr. Bracken- 
bridge will be there alone with her, alone 
in that big house.” 

“No servants?” 

“No.” Collins was excited now and 
didn’t choose his words. He forgot that 
Mr. Brackenbridge’s interest was simply 
fatherly. “No servants on Friday nights. 
Mr. Brackenbridge had an-unpleasant ex¬ 
perience before. He’s a careful man." 

Now Brown was questioning the thor¬ 
oughly frightened secretary. What type 
of man was Brackenbridge? Would he 
play along with them? Would he help 
set die trap that would catch the Murder 
Syndicate? 

“Good God!” Collins gasped. “Have 
Mr. Brackenbridge stay there and wait 
for the murderer to come! Preposterous. 
The scandal of the thing!” 

“You think he’d rather be nailed to a 
wall, eh?" 

“No, no.” Collins began to run hands 
through his hair, sort of dance up and 
down. “I must call him. He mustn’t stay 
there another minute. I don’t see how the 
house was discovered. I—" 

I said: “It’s a private house, Vee. We 
might get in, hide somewhere and—” 

"No, no.” He shook his head. “That 
wouldn’t do. It depends too much on 


luck. The stage has to be set. Bracken¬ 
bridge has to be the featured player.” 

TTALLEY ,said slowly: “We know 
where he is and know it’s a love 
nest. We can walk in, catch them togeth¬ 
er, and give Brackenbridge his choice of 
playing along with the law or facing a 
scandal.” 

“And the woman?” 

“Women can be bandied, too.” 

“Gentlemen—gentlemen!” The secre¬ 
tary was ready to blow up. “Mr. Brack¬ 
enbridge is a big man, a powerful man; 
has influence. You can’t take liberties 
with him as you would with—” 

Halley jerked a thumb at the secretary, 
Collins. “What about this bird? He’ll 
buzz Brackenbridge as soon as we leave.” 

Brown lifted the phone, called a num¬ 
ber. I heard him talking to Finn, a big 
rough ex-cop who now served on the D. 
A.’s staff. 

“That’s right,” he was finishing. “You 
know Dean Condon. He’ll meet you right 
up from the corner with this party. . . . 
No, you’re not to do a thing to this man— 
just ride him around. . . . Yes, you can 
take him out to the roadhouses—anything 
at all. But don’t let him get near a phone. 
. . . Sure! You can spend a century.” 
Brown looked at Collins. “You’ll need it. 
He doesn’t look like a heavy spender.” 

We had a little trouble, of course. 
“You can't do this” and “You can’t do 
that” from Collins. Then he heard 
Brown’s name. 

He fairly gasped. “Not the detective 
who shot all those men, and—and Big 
Boy Wallace!” 

“That’s right.” Brown twisted his 
mouth slightly. “So you make a squawk 
on the way out, and I’ll put a bullet or 
two in your back.” His voice sounded 
very serious, almost solemn, yet he wink¬ 
ed at Halley when Collins turned. We 
left without even the butler bring aware 
of our departure. 



42 


Dime Detective Magazine 


We had walked down the block and 
Brown had hailed a cab before Collins 
found his voice. Then. “I assure you, 
Mr. Brown, I won’t mention a word of 
this to anyone, won’t even telephone Mr. 
Brackenbridge. So you see there’s no 
need—really no need at all—of treating 
me like a common felon.” 

“It’s for your own good.” Brown 
slapped him on the back as he pushed him 
into the cab. “Look at the story you can 
tell him if Brackenbridge asks why you 
didn’t phone!” And to me, “All right. 
Dean. You deliver him safely to Finn. 
Halley and I can’t spare the time.” 

“But I want to— I must be there.” 

“And you will. You know the address. 
Wait around the corner down the block; 

I’ll come for you.” 

And we were off. 

No need to go into Collins’ conversa¬ 
tion or my anxiety to get him off my 
hands. We met Finn, a huge giant of a 
man, whose capacity certainly was not all 
muscular. 

“So you and me are going to make a 
night of it, eh?” Finn took Collins’ arm 
as he led him to another car. “It won’t 
cost us a cent, so we’ll drink only the 
best.” 

“But I never—that is, seldom touch 
anything.” 

“Oh, no!” I heard Finn say just before 
I returned to my own cab. “But you will, 
tonight, Mr. Collins. You will tonight.” 

CHAPTER NINE 

Behind the Curtains 

TV7HEN I reached the comer uptown I 
™ dismissed the car and waited. Five, 
ten minutes passed; nearl^fifteen. Had 
things gone wrong; had things broken 
without me? But it was early yet, very 
early for— And I jumped. Brown had 
crossed from the other side of the street 
and tapped me on the shoulder. 


“We make our entrance from the 
street behind,” he told me. “Really no 
need for it. Dean, for I’m sure the house 
isn’t watched—that is, unless this Murder 
Syndicate has hired a place across the 
street and watches from the window. 
Still, we’ll stick to that rear entrance.” 

He led me down the street and around 
the corner, still talking. 

“And there’s no need for him to have 
the house watched. It’s just a natural for 
our murder master. He’s discovered 
Brackenbridge’s little—or rather, large 
love nest—for the house is a four-story 
one. There is no one there but the 
squeaky-voiced blonde and our eminent 
banker. It’s a set-up, a one-man job. By 
God, Dean, he could murder both of them 
and take his time about it. I don’t think 
he even thought the secretary was on.” 
His shoulders moved as he looked up at 
a house and we ducked quickly into an 
alley. 

“We can’t afford to be seen by the peo¬ 
ple in the house behind and have the 
police on us,” Brown said as we sought a 
particularly dark corner and, climbing the 
fence, dropped to the stone yard of the 
place we sought. 

“Vee,” I asked him, “what did Brack¬ 
enbridge say? He—the girl! They let 
you in? Was he willing to help the police 
by waiting and—” 

“Not so fast, Dean. In the first place, 
we weren’t let in. We came by a cellar 
window.” He chuckled slightly. He had 
been feeling and acting himself once 
more, ever since the letter with the news 
Pal was alive. “We entered at a most 
embarrassing moment for Mr. Bracken¬ 
bridge. A most compromising situation, 
to put it mildly. Damn it. Dean, he 
thought we were detectives looking for 
divorce evidence and tried to buy us,off. 
He was almost relieved when he found 
we only wanted to prevent his murder.” 

“Would he help?” 



Red Friday 


43 


“He will.” I could see Brown’s head 
nod as we reached the back door. “When 
he got thinking and recalling what he had 
heard about this killer he agreed. His 
enthusiasm was not great. I’ll admit. But 
you can have a look at him yourself. I’ve 
set the stage.” 

Brown locked the back door carefully 
behind him. We passed through the kit¬ 
chen, pantry, dining room, and so to the 
living room—and Allison Brackenbridge. 

He was a banker. He couldn’t have 
been more of a banker if he had been 
made up to play the part. Cold steady 
eyes, an extra chin, slightly bald, and skin 
as pink and white as a baby’s. And the 
blond doll! She was just that—a blond 
doll. She kept powdering her face, fixing 
her lips and muttering: “My God—my 
God l This is terrible.” 

But she cast furtive, questioning, spec¬ 
ulative blue eyes at the banker. She was 
wondering—was this the end of the 
sugar? Should she make a scene, blame 
him, put on an act? But she wasn’t sure, 
wasn’t going to make any mistake, and 
kept to the safety of, “My God—my 
God! This is terrible.” 

TTALLEY said: “Mr. Brackenbridge is 
beginning to weaken. I hope he does¬ 
n’t mess things up.” 

“For his own sake I hope he doesn’t.” 
Brown was very grave. “Certainly they’d 
spread his name all over the papers. He’ll 
have to stick it out anyway, and if he 
won’t play our game, then—” And turn¬ 
ing to the banker, “You know the papers, 
Mr. Brackenbridge. Murder Monster 
Trapped in Banker's Love Nest. Allison 
Brackenbridge —" 

“Stop it. Stop it!” Brackenbridge 
toyed with the thick black ribbon that 
dropped down from his glasses. “How will 
my actions prevent such a scandal?” 

“For one thing,” said Brown, “I’m 


willing to go to bat for you. You received 
threats from the Murder Syndicate.” 

“But I never got so much as a line, had 
no idea of such a thing.” 

“I know. But this is your story now. 
You didn’t wish to alarm your family so 
said nothing to them, but came straight 
to me. You have been acting under my 
advice ever since. You say Collins rented 
this place. Very well, the papers can’t do 
much about that. You’ve already used the 
phone and tried to get Collins; the butler 
knows that. It was rather important. 
Then Collins called you at your club; at 
least, you thought it was Collins. He had 
to see you at once, he seemed excited. 
You came here to his house. You’ve met 
him here before—things to do with the 
bank—times you must not be disturbed. 
And there you are! A gun in your back 
—and”—with a wave of his hand toward 
Halley and myself—“the rescue squad.” 

“But it doesn’t sound convincing. The 
papers—” 

“Collins is not important to the papers, 
and the papers won’t take a chance on a 
libel suit.” 

“Yes?” the girl cut in. “What about 
me—my reputation?” 

“You,” said Brown, “will leave im¬ 
mediately after the—the end of the Mur¬ 
der Syndicate. You won’t be questioned, 
won’t even be in it. I’ll see to that.” 

“And after that—what?” She half 
jerked her head toward the banker. 

“After that”—Brown smiled at her— 
“I imagine a penthouse over on Park 
Avenue. I’m sure it’s more sensible—and 
safer. There is no reason why things 
should change between you and Mr. 
Brackenbridge. Of course he’ll be rather 
pleased and thankful that you’re helping, 
too; helping him as well as the police. I 
daresay his reward will be more than 
generous. He was saying what a little 
wonder you are.” 

“Oh, Ally!” The girl walked over, 



Dime Detective Magazine 


curled an arm around the banker’s neck. 
“You didn’t mean—not the ring I looked 
at—not the one from Cartier’s! Of 
course I’ll do it for you.” 

“Yes, yes.” Allison Brackenbridge 
stretched up his hand and patted the back 
of hers, as if he were tapping a desk at a 
board meeting. “I was thinking some¬ 
thing like that. I— But the house should 
be surrounded by police; the man could 
be arrested before he even got up the 
steps.” 

“We went over all that.” Brown shook 
his head. “We want to be certain. Be¬ 
sides, with the place surrounded—so 
many men, men who might talk to the 
papers about you and Miss Vaugne! But 
I brought in Mr. Condon. Best shot in 
the city.” 

Maybe I reddened, I don’t know. 
Brown always kidded me about my shoot¬ 
ing. But Allison Brackenbridge came to 
his feet and shook hands with me. 

“So, that’s settled.” Brown seemed 
very confident, very sure. “We’ll go 
through it again, then take our places. 
We can’t tell when or how he’ll come.” 
And a stage director getting ready to 
shoot his picture was never more partic¬ 
ular than Vee. 

The stage was set. 

tT'HE girl and the banker were to stay 
alone in the large living room, both 
window shades tightly drawn. There was 
a small door that led to the main hall, 
folding doors with huge heavy drapes 
that led to the dining room. These doors 
were open but the curtains tightly drawn. 
Then there was another set of folding 
doors that gave onto the front room that 
overlooked the street These also sported 
two heavy curtains which Brown drew 
tightly. 

“There we are!” Brown explained the 
whole situation and seemed satisfied. “If 
the trap was a natural for this murderer, 


our trap for him is a natural, too. I don’t 
know how he’ll come, but I’ve locked the 
door of the front room which leads to the 
hall, so he won’t disturb us. That’s right. 
Dean—we three will be hiding behind the 
curtains in the front room. That makes 
Mr. Brackenbridge perfectly safe.” 

“But suppose,” Mr. Brackenbridge in¬ 
terrupted, “he should not come alone. 
What then?” 

"He’s got to come alone. Now, 
Mr. Brackenbridge, you and Miss Vaugne 
must spend your evening as you would 
ordinarily spend it. Since I’d like you at 
the table, with your back to the curtains, 
so that the man must face us—perhaps 
you might be doing a little writing. Miss 
Vaugne will sit there by the dining-room 
curtains and read, under the lamp.” 

Halley said: "Don’t you think a little 
conversation might be better?” 

Brown hesitated, shook his head. “No. 
The Murder Syndicate won’t know how 
long they’ve been just like that. He can’t 
look in the window. You see, he may 
come right to the front door and ring the 
bell; he may enter by the cellar window, 
as we did. He may even have been here 
before and had a key made. Yes—I 
know. Light conversation would be bet¬ 
ter, Halley—much more natural, perhaps. 
But it’s too much to ask of them. If our 
man listened and heard, he’d find the un¬ 
natural, strained, theatrical note in it and 
be suspicious. No, I don’t think either 
one of them could put that over.” Brown 
took one more look about the room. Brack¬ 
enbridge sat behind the flat desk. Miss 
Vaugne dropped rather awkwardly into 
the chair beneath the lamp and opened a 
book. 

"All right!” Vee nodded. “Now we’ll 
leave you and watch from behind the 
curtains.” 

I looked down at my watch. It was 
exactly twenty minutes of ten when we 
pushed the curtains aside and stepped be- 



Red Friday 


45 


hind them. I saw both Halley and Vee 
reach for their guns, and I saw Brown 
grin as I clumsily pulled mine from my 
pocket. 

Halley took up a position right in the 
center, where the curtains parted. Brown 
hesitated, raised a hand as if to tap Hal¬ 
ley on the shoulder, then changing his 
mind went to the end nearer the door that 
led to the hall. He motioned to me to 
take the other end. 

So we' were set. Three men. Two of 
them steady, cool, used to danger and 
meeting that danger quickly and with the 
assurance of long experience. The third 
man! I grinned to myself. Well, I’d been 
with Brown and certainly I was used to 
danger, even if I couldn’t meet it with 
much assurance. 

'T'HROUGH the comer of that curtain 
A I peered into the room. Stiff and 
straight, Allison Brackenbridge sat be¬ 
hind the desk. Over his shoulder was the 
mantelpiece. On it was a modern electric 
clock. 

Occasionally the girl moved the book in 
her lap, crossed her legs, kicked one leg 
against the curtains leading to the dining 
room. Once when that curtain swayed 
from her moving foot she jarred up with 
a start, put her hand to her mouth, sat so 
—on the edge of the chair—then with a 
queer little giggle fell back in the chair. 

Brackenbridge didn’t speak either. He 
bent over the paper before him, making 
queer designs on it, I think. But his eyes 
were ever raising, gluing themselves upon 
the curtains, as if he would stare right 
through their thickness and assure him¬ 
self that we were still there. 

Several times I straightened; I’d get 
sort of stiff. Ten o’clock came. Ten min¬ 
utes after ten. I was staring into that 
room—-just staring and thinking. They 
were not pleasant thoughts. I shuddered. 
We were waiting for a killer again—a 


monster of murder. The picture was 
vivid in my head. Staten Island—the man 
on the wall! And— 

I jarred back. My gun nearly went off. 
The voice sounded like a gigantic roar in 
the utter stillness of my own horrible 
thoughts. Allison Brackenbridge had sud¬ 
denly burst out with: “Listen, Mr. 
Brown. Suppose he starts shooting. I—” 

“He won’t!” Brown snapped out from 
behind the curtains. “Be a man, Brack¬ 
enbridge.” And for the first time I no¬ 
ticed the pallor of the banker’s face. 

“It’s my family, not myself, I’m think¬ 
ing of. If anything should happen to me, 
you know. Then the bank! They depend 
on me for most—” 

“Silence!” Brown snapped. And as 
Brackenbridge opened his mouth as if to 
speak again, “Or scandal.” 

Brackenbridge’s lips went tight. He 
glared at the curtains a moment. Then a 
worried look took the place of the glare. 
He smiled and nodded. It was as if he 
suddenly realized that his life depended 
on Brown, on us behind the curtains. 

The silence again! The girl with the 
book, the pages of which she never 
turned; Brackenbridge’s scratching scrawl 
upon the paper—and the single distant 
chime of a clock. That must be in the 
hall, I thought. 

Halley was still bent in the same posi¬ 
tion, looking between the curtains. Brown 
was crouched low, squatted on his 
haunches, half sitting on his heels. 

I went back to my thoughts again. 
Twice I jerked up my head with a start. 
Things had seemed to get so far away. 
Brackenbridge seemed blurred, indistinct, 
like three men sitting there. I rubbed my 
hand across my eyes, smothered a yawn, 
and bent forward gluing my eyes to the 
tiny slit. 

I looked at the girl and the curtains 
beside her, the curtains that led to the 
dining room. The curtains moved, swayed 



46 


Dime Detective Magazine 


as they had swayed before, swayed as 
they had swayed when the girl had 
crossed her legs, swayed— I stiffened— 
froze. The girl had not moved, had not 
crossed her legs. And—and— God in 
heaven! I had to hold my breath to keep 
from crying out. The curtains were part¬ 
ing. A figure—a figure that made no 
sound—that gave no warning—was com¬ 
ing into the room. The Murder Syndi¬ 
cate was there in the house with us. There 
in the room. 

CHAPTER TEN 
The Man in the Mask 

r PALL, broad, all in black. Black hat, 
a long black mask covering his face 
as he stepped between those curtains. 

The girl raised her eyes, leaped to her 
feet, opened her mouth—and the man’s 
hand went up and down. There was a 
thud—blood on her forehead. I saw the 
red plainly before she sank to the floor. 

I raised my gun, shoved the end of it 
close to the crack, then felt a hand touch 
my arm. I nearly screamed, but I didn’t. 
It was Halley. He had squeezed my arm 
in warning, I guess. 

The Murder Syndicate was there! I 
saw the gun in his right hand, a folded 
length of heavy cloth in his left—cloth 
that was the shape and bulk of a tool kit 
from a motor car. 

The masked figure moved quickly, so 
quickly that Brackenbridge had not 
turned his head before the man had 
crossed the room and stood beside the 
desk, half facing us, half facing Brack¬ 
enbridge, who had swung around. The 
banker’s breath just whistled in his 
throat. Both his hands grasped the arms 
of his chair. 

"Allison Brackenbridge.” The man 
spoke slowly, distinctly, and certainly 
ominously. “You, who once refused me 


money, will be the example that will make 
many men pay me—pay me when they 
see you nailed like a bat to the wall of 
this room.” 

A long pause—and that voice that 
seemed to ring with disaster. “Allison 
Brackenbridge, I am the Murder Syndi¬ 
cate. I have come for you.” 

The monster’s left hand came up above 
the flat desk, jerked forward in a sharp 
sudden motion that was arrested in mid¬ 
air. I saw the bag in the left hand un¬ 
wind, stretch out. I heard the rattle of 
metal upon the desk. Then I saw what 
was there. A great quantity of huge, 
spike-like nails and a hammer lay on the 
desk before the bulging eyes of Allison 
Brackenbridge. 

The banker’s head twisted as if unseen 
hands moved it. His eyes lowered and he 
saw the woman unconscious upon the 
floor. His head swung slowly back and 
he faced the masked man. Then he looked 
on the desk again and I think for the 
first time realized what the nails and the 
hammer meant, for he just screamed out 
the words. 

“Brown! For God’s sake! Brown. 
You—Brown!” He half rose in his chair 
and pointed straight at the curtains where 
we crouched. 

The masked figure moved his gun 
slightly in his right hand and fired. One 
shot or two. I wasn’t sure then. It seemed 
like a single shot, yet too loud for just 
one. 

Halley, beside me, jarred back, swayed, 
raised his hands and gripped at the cur¬ 
tains. But just before he fell to the floor, 
dragging the curtains with him, I knew 
that two shots had been fired and that 
Brown had shot the murder monster 
right in the stomach. 

Chaos after that? No, I don’t think 
so. I saw the masked man raise his left 
hand, stagger slightly and clutch at his 
stomach. Then the falling curtains were 



Red Friday 


47 


upon my shoulders, across my arm, over 
my gun. But I could see, and what I saw 
didn’t help me any. 

The murderer raised his right hand. 
Glassy, blinking balls glared at me 
through slits in the mask. He was—he 
was—- God! He was going to kill me. 

Another shot came. Orange blue flashed 
to my right; burnt powder was in my 
nostrils. The murderer jerked back; his 
right arm went into the air, his gun ex¬ 
ploded. A bullet tore into the ceiling, and 
now he clutched at his stomach with both 
hands as he staggered wildly, blindly 
about the room. 

TT ALLEY lay on the floor. I could see 

A the back of his head, his right hand 
stretched out, his gun still gripped in it. 
And I saw Brown; the curtains hadn’t 
caught him. He was too quick, too clever 
for that. Now he was in the living room, 
talking to the staggering figure. 

"You don’t like it, eh? Don’t like it in 
the stomach. Well—I didn’t think you 
would. Where’s Gertrude la Palatin?” 

The staggering figure turned, faced 
Vee, bent his head forward, peered 
straight at Brown but didn’t seem to see 

"Where’s Gertrude la Palatin?” Brown 
asked again. His voice was harder now, 
colder—merciless. The voice of a killer. 

The masked figure whirled in a circle, 
to come back facing Vee again. He cried 
out: “You’ll never see her. She’s dead. 
Yes, she’s dead. I had a premonition to¬ 
night, and telephoned Johnny Fitzpatrick 
to kill her. Ahl” 

He jerked up his right hand—fired. 
And Brown shot him in the center of his 
chest. I knew that, for the man clawed 
at his chest now, tore at the vest, the shirt 
beneath it, screamed horribly as he 
crashed bade against the wall. 

He didn’t fall at once. He stood there 
trying to push himself erect as his knees 


gave. But he couldn’t make it. He sank 
to his knees, toppled forward, hung so a 
moment and rolled over on his back. 

And all the time Halley and the girl 
lay on the floor and Brackenbridge sat in 
the chair. He hadn’t fainted, for his eyes 
were open, just staring, a glaring blank¬ 
ness in them. 

The murder monster groaned, and once 
he screamed in agony: “God! It hurts— 
it hurts. I—I— Kill me. Kill me!” He 
raised his gun as Brown crossed the 
room. 

“Look out, Vee!” I cried, but I didn’t 
need to. The man couldn’t see Brown 
now, or if he could, he didn’t want to— 
didn’t care. He was twisting his gun to¬ 
ward his own head. 

Brown kicked the gun from his hand, 
sent it across the room, said: “Where’s 
Gertrude la Palatin?” 

“She’s dead. I told you she’s dead.” 
And from pleading to be killed, he sud¬ 
denly cursed. “Johnny Fitzpatrick killed 
her—killed her—cut her throat. I sent 
him word. I’m glad she’s dead. I—why 
don’t you kill me?” 

“I’m not going to kill you,” Brown 
said. “Men die slowly from bullets in 
the stomach—very slowly and very hor¬ 
ribly. Where’s Fitzpatrick?” 

Brown was standing directly over the 
other now, looking down at the agonized 
eyes, visible through the slits in the mask. 
“Mr. Crucifier of Men,” Vee spoke again, 
and his voice shook slightly, “where’s 
Johnny Fitzpatrick?” 

“Find him!” 

Brown said very slowly: “All right. 
Here’s another. Right in the stomach! 
Right—” His gun moved slightly, direct¬ 
ly above that grovelling thing. 

“Vee. God! You can’t.” I grabbed at 
his arm. 

And he struck me. He turned quickly, 
jerked up his gun and caught me flush on 
the chin with it. I staggered back; things 



48 


Dime Detective Magazine 


blurred. My knees began to give. But I 
stayed upon my feet. Someone had me 
by the arms; we staggered against the 
wall together. It was Halley. 

ST then the man on the floor spoke. 
‘Johnny Fitzpatrick killed her and 
he’s waiting for me at”—I didn’t hear 
the address but I did hear the apartment 
number—“Four-D.” 

Halley said: “His bullet creased me, I 
guess, and knocked me cold.” He ran a 
hand across his head. “I see Brown got 
him—and the girl is sitting up. What the 
hell happened to you? Were you hit?” 

“No, no. Nothing. I— Things just 
whirled on me.” 

“Sure!” said the government man. “I 
know how you feel.” He walked over 
and looked at the man on the floor. He 
was still conscious, still moaning. “Let’s 
have a look at that face of his.” He 
dropped to one knee, grabbed at the mask 
and tore it off. 

Agonized features showed. A twisted, 
contorted mouth; glaring, terrible eyes. 
Eyes with a film over them, eyes that 
might have been blue and certainly were 
fish-like. Eye,s that— And I bent closer, 
then jerked back. 

“Good God!” I cried. "It’s Teddy Mel¬ 
rose.” 

“Yes—Melrose.” The man on the floor 
gasped out the words. “They took my 
money from me. I wanted it back. I knew 
Brackenbridge when I had money. He 
sold me out for a note. A lousy fifty 
thousand dollars when I was worth mil¬ 
lions. Millions, I tell you! I wanted them 
again. Millions! I—I—” He paused, 
looked at Brown. “But she’s dead—she’s 
dead. At least, I have vengeance.” 

Claire Vaugne was on her feet, Brack¬ 
enbridge was muttering something to 
himself. Brown was at the telephone. I 
heard him talking to Mortimer Doran. I 
don’t know what he said, but he turned 
to Halley. 


“I’ve got to go, Halley. There’s a good 
fellow! Stay and see the police. It’s a 
woman, Halley—a woman I loved. She’s 
dead, and I— You understand.” 

Maybe Halley didn’t, but he nodded as 
he knelt by Teddy Melrose. “You don’t 
have to report to me,” Halley said to Vee. 
“You can tell your own story. God! 
Brown. For a crack shot, you certainly 
shot this man to pieces.” 

Brown smiled sadly. You think he’ll 
live?” 

“Live!” Halley’s laugh was not meant 
to be funny. “Why—you blasted every¬ 
thing out of him. Better get going if you 
don’t want to meet the cops.” 

“Yes.” Vee turned to the girl. “Come 
along, sister. You did your stuff.” He 
half led her from the room. 

%V/E were out of the house and well 
” down the block before I spoke. “Do 
you want me to run ahead for a cab?” 

“No,”. said Brown. “Johnny Fitzpat¬ 
rick will be there if Melrose telephoned 
him. He’ll be waiting for the pay-off. 
I telephoned Wong earlier; he’ll have the 
car around this corner." 

Brown was very calm, very quiet as 
he gave orders to drive the "young lady” 
to our apartment and get her in the back 
way. “Don’t you worry, Claire,” he told 
her. “We’ll see that you’re paid for that 
crack on the head. I’ll be back to ar¬ 
range a hotel for you, until things 
straighten out.” 

“But my clothes! I forgot them—ev¬ 
erything is at that house.” 

“Collins will attend to that, and be 
well paid for it too. You wouldn’t think, 
to look at him, that there was romance in 
his heart.” 

Vee smiled—that little twisted smile. 
It was as if he didn’t realize that Pal was 
dead. Then he turned to me. “Are you 
going with Miss Vaugne or with me?” 

“Vee!” I turned to him. “Will you— 
I want—I want to go with you.” 



Red Friday 


49 


He held my arm as the car drove away, 
looked up and down the street. I too saw 
the distant lights of a taxi. “You know 
what I’m going to do, and you want to 
come with me?” he asked. 

“What are you going to do?” I put it 
as a question, but I knew. 

“I’m going to kill Johnny Fitzpatrick.” 

I gulped, nodded. “All right, Vee—if 
you must. I won’t interfere, but I’m 
going with you.” 

In the cab, he said: “Pal is dead, and 
the man who murdered her still lives. 
Even you, Dean, can’t think that’s right. 
I’m just a killer tonight—” 

“Vee. Vee 1” I had hard work talking. 
“You can’t just go to murder. Tonight— 
God! You were really going to shoot 
Melrose, dying there on his back?” 

He looked straight at me. I caught his 
flashing black eyes in the glare from the 
street lights. “I don’t know. Dean. Hon¬ 
estly, I don’t know. But you thought so.” 
And suddenly, “So it was Teddy Mel¬ 
rose, eh? He wanted money. He hated 
people. And he was right. There has to 
be a first time !” 

"No wonder he knew everything the 
police did, being so close to Inspector 
Ramsey.” I was trying to make conversa¬ 
tion. A minute later I said: “You, Vee. 
Did you suspect Melrose?” 

“To you— No! Not in the slightest. 
To the papers— Well, I won’t lie to 
them—that is, not directly—but I’ll smile 
rather knowingly. You can let us out 
here, driver.” 

And that last almost casual order sent 
my heart right into my throat. I was 
going with Vee to kill a man. 

I had never seen Brown more quiet, 
more sure of himself. He explained that 
as we reached the entrance of the walk- 
up apartment, found the outside door 
open and slipped inside. 

“She’s dead, Dean. I can’t alter that. 
If she were alive I might go dashing up 


those stairs to—to my death. But there’s 
no hurry now. Afterward I suppose it 
will get me, but now”—he found the bell 
he sought and pressed his finger against 
it—“Johnny Fitzpatrick will be waiting, 
expecting the Murder Syndicate.” 

SPHERE was a steady click of the snap- 

ping lock on the door. Brown reached 
out, pushed the door open. We stepped 
into the dimly lit hall. Vee closed the 
door slowly and carefully behind him and 
turned toward the stairs. 

“What are you going to do, Vee—ex¬ 
actly?” 

He looked at me a long moment there 
at the foot of the stairs. “I am going to 
shoot him to death—exactly.” His whole 
attitude was free from any nervous ex¬ 
citement. “You surely wouldn’t have it 
any other way. I know. I know! It 
can’t be called anything but weakness— 
anything but vengeance. But I couldn’t 
have him live. Afterward—” 

“Afterward?” 

He said simply: “I will never write 
music again. Oh, that’s not the rambling 
of a broken heart, not even a sacrifice to 
ambition. It’s just a fact. Somehow, I 
know it.” And suddenly, in a hard even 
voice, “Come on! You will deaden your 
feet so it will sound like one man—the 
one man he’s expecting.” 

Without another word I followed him 
up the stairs. 

As we turned on the second flight 
Brown whispered over his shoulder: 
“Well lighted. We’ll be able to see each 
other if he comes out into the hall. It’ll 
be an even break there, Dean.” And he 
laughed. At least, there was a queer 
sound down in his throat. 

I was close on his heels when we 
reached the fourth floor, never slowing 
up in our steady pace, never pausing to 
listen—just going up. 

We turned suddenly, stopped dead. We 



50 


Dime Detective Magazine 


were directly before the door, the open 
door of apartment 4-D. Johnny Fitzpat¬ 
rick stood framed there in the light. His 
right hand was at his side, and his right 
hand held a heavy revolver. 

Brown said: “Raise it if you want to, 
Fitzpatrick. Get inside!” And as I 
pressed behind Vee and followed Fitz¬ 
patrick, who backed into die apartment. 
Brown went on, “Don’t drop it, Fitz— 
don’t drop the gun. That won’t save you 
now. If you want it to be plain murder 
I don’t mind.” 

The door sprang closed behind us. We 
were in a small living room. 

Johnny Fitzpatrick was a fine-looking 
man, well over forty, I guess, graying 
slightly at the temples. His sharp eyes 
were gray and held a sort of perpetual 
humor in them. Yes, they held it even 
now—puzzled, perhaps, but certainly 
without fear. 

“What are you doing here. Brown?” 
he asked, and his voice didn’t tremble. 
Firm hard lips snapped closed after he 
spoke—nothing else. 

“I’m going to shoot you to ribbons, 
Johnny.” Brown’s eyes narrowed, his 
right hand came up. “That’s why I didn’t 
just IdH you in the hall. Now—” 

A woman shrieked. A small figure 
dashed from the bedroom, was across the 
room, almost in Vee’s arms before I knew 
the truth, spotted the red head that 
pounded itself against his chest Yes, it 
was Gertrude la Palatin—Pal—alive and 
welL 

GTHE explanation came then. Johnny 
A Fitzpatrick stuck a cigar in his mouth 
while he talked. “Of course,” he said, 
“I thought it was you and not Ramsey or 
Teddy Melrose who stuck Pal on me. 
But I knew from the beginning it was a 
plant. I’ve been out of the city, but I 


keep myself informed. I guess it hurt 
me. Brown—hurt my pride—that you and 
the little lady connected me up with the 
Murder Syndicate. And I wanted to get 
him—not entirely for the money; but, 
you see, I’m getting on now, and the past 
—well, at night it has a habit of going to 
bed with me. Pal knows all about that. 
Believe it or not, I felt like squaring my¬ 
self with myself—and getting the Mur¬ 
der Syndicate would do that. 

“So I laid my own trap. I talked all 
over my month along the Avenue, argued 
that the head of the Murder Syndicate 
was a great guy and knew his business, 
that I could use money, and if the boys 
of today didn’t have the stomach for his 
racket—why, I did. Of course I never 
suspected Melrose. And the Murder 
Syndicate fell for my little monologue, 
got me on the phone and offered me five 
grand to snatch Pal. I played him along, 
took Pal into my confidence on the prom¬ 
ise she wouldn’t squawk to you, and 
worked the snatch.” 

“But, why?" I asked. 

“Because he’d trust me, come here for 
her. And I’d put the finger on him. It 
would have worked too, I guess. Yes, to¬ 
night he rang me up, told me to give her 
the works, leave the body in the apart¬ 
ment and he’d take care of it later.” Fitz¬ 
patrick nodded grimly. “I’d have been 
here when he came.” 

Brown grinned, shoved out his hand. 
“Maybe it’s just as well, Johnny, that I 
didn’t shoot you to death. But there’s no 
reward for you. I’ve planned to send that 
money to Stacey’s wife, in Illinois.” His 
lips ourved into that little crooked smile. 
“It’ll buy her a better husband. I—” He 
stopped, started to hum, looked at Pal. 
“There’s a song there, kid—a real one. 
It goes like this—‘I’ll buy me a better 
husband, I’ll purchase another man—’ ” 




Chuck Evans and Joe Getts were just a couple of smart guys—two of a 
kind—who happened to get caught up in the same brain storm. But 
when the shooting and shouting died, it didn’t take either one long 
to see that smarty vs. smarty can end in a draw as well as a win, and blast 
hell out of anybody’s — 


AUTOMATIC ALIBI 


by Carl Clausen 



He looked up as the door creaked and reached for his gun. 


C HUCK EVANS was smoking his 
after-supper cigarette by the gas 
log and looking at Flossie, his wife, 
through a hole in the newspaper which 
he was ostensibly reading. He had fallen 
into the habit of observing her surrepti¬ 


tiously of late, in a detached sort of fash¬ 
ion, as if she were a specimen presented 
to him for classification. 

Once upon a time, Mr. Evans had loved 
her in the possessive way in which men 
cherish things hard won. Like his other 
51 



52 


Dime Detective Magazine 


A fitting answer rose to his lips; but 


extra-legal activities, she represented a 
definite quantity of effort He had taken 
her from another by the right of conquest. 

The other man was Joe Getts. 

Chuck scrutinized Flossie through the 
hole m the paper. She was mending a 
run in a silk stocking by the light of the 
bridge lamp. Her lips were too red, her 
hair too platinum. These were the obvious 
details. They evoked no thought of cen¬ 
sure. Chuck liked his women vivid. 
What irked him was the knowledge that 
the sudden tender curve of her lips, as 
she bent forward at her task, was for 
Joe—not him. 

Mr. Evans was not given to self-analy¬ 
sis, so he merely wondered what a good- 
looking broad like Flossie could see in a 
gorilla like Joe Getts, and he smiled mys¬ 
teriously behind the newspaper as he 
toyed with the idea of what he meant to 
do to that simian this night 

Presently, he laid the paper down and 
glanced at his wrist-watch. 

"Guess Ftt be going over to the Dutch¬ 
man's*” he said. He had made this re¬ 
mark, three—sometimes four and occa¬ 
sionally, five—nights a week for the past 
year, hut tonight he injected an extra note 
of casualness in the statement. 

The Dutchman’s was a poolroom where 
men of his kind congreg ate d and dis¬ 
cussed ways and means. The four flea- 
bitten pool tables were an excuse to per¬ 
mit the police to collect the license fee. 
In the rear room, one could buy anything 
from a hypodermic needle to a gat. 

“Wish you’d go up to the storage and 
get my fur coat,” Flossie said without 
raising her eyes from the stocking. “It’s 
glaced and all ready. The paper says it’s 
going to be cold tomorrow.” 

“You mean that joint way up on Am¬ 
sterdam and Ninety-fifth?” he demanded. 

“All right, never mind,” she retorted. 
“There was once you’d have run your¬ 
self ragged for me.” 


a thought flashing into a secret and hid¬ 
den chamber of his tortuous mind, he kept 
his peace. 

He consulted his watch again, and com¬ 
pared it with the clock on the mantel. 
Unknown to Flossie, he had set both 
ahead half an hour—for purposes of his 
own. 

“Why don’t you phone them and tell 
’em to deliver it ?’ he asked. 

“Because tonight’s Saturday night. 
They won’t make deliveries after eight; 
but they’re open till midnight.” 

“All right,” he grumbled, "I’ll get it.” 

HE went down on die automatic ele¬ 
vator, Chuck Evans smiled to him¬ 
self. Amsterdam and Ninety-fifth was 
way uptown, far from where he meant 
to be earlier in the evening. It would 
provide him with an additional link in 
the cleverly constructed chain which was 
to be his alibi for die evening. 

Mr. Evans never depended upon friends 
for his alibis. He was essentially the 
lone wolf type and never delivered him¬ 
self into the hands of another, friend or 
enemy. His alibi was a more subtle one. 
The man he intended actually to rub out 
was not Joe Getts, but another—one Man¬ 
uel Cortez. 

The set-up was as follows: Mr. Getts 
had recently essayed to terminate the ex¬ 
istence of Mr. Cortez by spraying him 
with lead from a cruising cabriolet, but 
the body of Mr. Cortez’ own hack had 
been re-inf arced with bullet-proof steel 
for just such an eventuality, so Manuel 
had merely taken to his bed with a slight 
wound in the thigh. 

Both Mr. Getts and Mr. Cortez had 
sworn to get Mr. Cortez and Mr. Getts, 
as soon as the former was able to be 
about again, and the florists ajacent to 
Columbus Circle were placing tentative 
orders with Jersey nurseries in anticipa¬ 
tion of the event. 



Automatic Alibi 


53 


Per se. Chuck Evans had nothing 
against Manuel Cortez, beyond the fact 
that he did not belong to that branch of 
the human race known as Nordic, of 
which Mr. Evans himself was a conspicu¬ 
ous member. Mr. Cortez had merely sin¬ 
gled himself out for his special attention 
by being an enemy of Mr. Getts, and get¬ 
ting himself in the way of Joe Getts’ slugs. 
It was a situation for which Mr. Evans 
had waited in his patient way, ever since 
he had verified his suspicions of Flossie 
and Joe. 

Technically, there was no reason why 
Chuck Evans and Joe Getts should be on 
the outs. Each controled his own definite 
racket, and neither had been known to en¬ 
croach on the other. Ostensibly, they were 
the best of friends. They had even been 
known, now and then, to join forces in 
discreet warehouse robberies when their 
respective supplies ran short. Once or 
twice, they had appeared in court with 
as plausible alibis for each other as the 
legal machinery required. 

To the world, Chuck Evans and Joe 
Getts were just a couple of guys, trying 
to get along in adjoining neighborhoods by 
observing the rules of the game. 

All this made excellent stage-setting 
for what Mr. Evans meant to do, which 
was simply to call on Manuel Cortez after 
dark, and finish what Mr. Getts had be¬ 
gun. The police of course would not sus¬ 
pect him of so fell a purpose, since there 
seemed no reason on earth why he should 
shoot Mr. Cortez. And with his customary 
attention to detail, Mr. Evans had laid out 
the evening’s activities. 

Emerging from the apartment house in 
which he lived, he went directly to the 
Dutchman’s. He found present there, 
among others, Joe Getts, in person, as he 
had known he would. As it was the un¬ 
written rule at the Dutchman’s to check 
one’s gun at the counter before gaining 


admission to the room at the rear. Mr. 
Evans surrendered his automatic pistol and 
laid it on the shelf behind the cash register 
in the small compartment which carried 
his name. Next to it, in a compartment 
similarly marked, lay Mr. Getts’. Both 
pistols were standard types of the most 
recent and popular make, thirty-eight cal¬ 
iber, and except for their maker’s num¬ 
bers, alike as a pair, of identical twins. 
But Mr. Evans knew that to an expert on 
ballistics, the projectiles that issued from 
them were, under a powerful magnifying 
glass, as different as is a pea from a 
pearl. 

Therefore, when Mr. Evans deposited 
his gun on the shelf, he laid it in Mr. 
Getts’ compartment and placed Joe’s 
where his own should have been. It was 
one of those little slights-of-hand for 
which Mr. Evans was justly famous. 

In the back room, immediately there¬ 
after, cards were produced. Chuck played 
stud with Mr. Getts and a satellite, win¬ 
ning in the course of time, forty-two dol¬ 
lars. 

TI/fR. GETTS was restless. After an 
1 ”- L hour’s playing, he arose, intimating 
that the game was too slow for him, and 
that he had business elsewhere. Chuck 
did not inquire where, for he knew 
very well where Joe was going. He had 
even arranged that Mr. Getts should be 
there. 

Joe Getts went to the shelf behind the 
cash register to get his gun. He was 
about to do what Mr. Evans had done— 
switch weapons—when in picking up his 
own from from Mr. Evans’ compartment, 
he noted by a slight scratch on the butt of 
it, that it had already been done for him. 
He glanced over his shoulder at the Dutch¬ 
man, but that worthy was deeply im¬ 
mersed in a copy of Candid Confessions. 
He also winked at his own image in the 
fly-specked mirror over the Dutchman’s 
head, as he replaced the pistol where he 



54 


Dime Detective Magazine 


had fotmd it and jacked tip the one Mr. 
Evans had intended he should. 

As he went out, he hummed a gay little 
tune from a gay little movie. Immediately 
he set about throwing a monkey wrench 
into Mr. Evans’ elaborate machinery. 

Chuck, himself, left the Dutchman’s 
almost at once. In the holster under his 
left armjnt was Joe’s pistol. With his 
customary caution, he had checked on 
that little matter with the maker's num¬ 
ber. He, too was in a pleasant, jocular 
mood. Sauntering down the street to the 
local cinema house, he engaged the bru¬ 
nette cashier in conversation to impress 
his presence on her mind. 

After chatting pleasantly with her for 
some moments, Mr. Evans bought a ticket, 
went within, and dropped into a seat near 
one of the fire exits. He had already 
seen the picture at matinee that afternoon. 
Now he stayed just long enough to assure 
himself that the program had not been 
changed in any essential detail, so that he 
would be able to discourse upon it intel¬ 
ligently, should such be necessary. 

Then, watching his chance, he stepped 
across the aisle when the usher’s head was 
turned, and departed quietly, leaving a 
very small piece of wood in the crack of 
the door—not thick enough to cause a 
draft, but sufficient to keep the latch from 
catching and locking the door. The exit 
opened on an alley, and this, in turn, led 
into a side street 

Once in this street, Mr. Evans worked 
fast. Diving into the nearest subway, he 
boarded an express train and rode down¬ 
town. 

The place where he got off has been 
sung in jwetry and prose, a shocking place 
where yellow men, they say, do unspeak¬ 
able things in unspeakable ways. Where 
the elevated roars along a street that has 
been, in turn, a quiet lovers’ lane, a stately 
turnpike, an artery of commerce, a cruis¬ 
ing ground of sailors on furlough and 


courtesans on high heels, and the theme 
of a ribald song. It is now but a sad place 
of rescue missions with no one to rescue, 
pawnshops, when there is little to pawn, 
second-hand stores, cheap coffee houses 
and cheaper cinemas. 

Why Manuel Cortez chose to live in tins 
neighborhood had always been a mys¬ 
tery to Chuck. He was making plenty of 
money. Himself, fastidious to the point 
of felinity, he shuddered at the odors 
that assailed him. He came to this region 
rarely, and then only to confer with one 
Maurice Klopfel, a pawnbroker, about the 
marketing of such trinkets as came his 
way in the routine of business. 

Passing Mr. Klopfel’s place of busi¬ 
ness, now, in the shadows of the opposite 
side of the street, he glanced hurriedly 
through the grimy windows. Mr. Klopfel 
was not in sight, and the door leading 
into the little room at the rear was dosed, 
a sure sign that he was in conference. 
That the conferee was Joe Getts, Mr. 
Evans had not a doubt—for he himsdf 
had seen to it that Mr. Getts got a tele¬ 
phone message from. Mr. Klopfel, anent a 
certain trifle in the way of diamonds set 
in platinum, which could be had for the 
proverbial song. Mr. Getts’ hobby was 
baubles at cantata prices. He distributed 
them among his feminine friends at ran¬ 
dom, and not always wisely. 

Mr. Evans had not the slightest doubt 
that the trifle in question, a bracelet, was 
destined—in Mr. Getts’ imagination—to 
adorn the slender wrist of his Flossie, 
after he himself had been somewhere in¬ 
terred. 

TTE could, of course, have shot Mr. 

Getts forthwith, but aside from the 
risk of arrest and conviction, there were 
other reasons why this was inexpedient. 
Mr. Getts was popular with his mob; 
also he was a power in politics in his 
neighborhood, as Mr. Evans was in his. 



Automatic Alibi 


55 


In these days of investigations and 
Tammany disfavor, one had to forget per¬ 
sonal desires and work for the common 
good. 

The home of Manuel Cortez was a 
three-story walk-up. In its palmy days, 
when the Bouwerie was in the stately 
turnpike stage, it had been the abode of 
gentry. On the left brownstone-buttress 
of the stoop reclined a headless Nubian 
lion; on the right, what was left of its 
twin. 

Mr. Evans reconnoitered for a moment 
to assure himself that the coast was clear. 
Then, he walked softly through the alley, 
inserted a jimmy under the sash of the 
rear window, and presently found him¬ 
self in a kitchen smelling strongly of gar¬ 
lic, fried olive oil and wine. 

The combination made Mr. Evans 
slightly nauseated. He paused dizzily, 
drew out his flashlight, and made his 
way upstairs, guided by an overlying 
motif of iodoform. The odor led him 
straight to Mr. Cortez’ sick room. That 
gentle Latin was sitting up in bed read¬ 
ing Little Caesar, by the light of a shaded 
bridge lamp, and chewing bettel-nut 

He looked up as the door creaked and 
reached for his gun, but he was too slow. 
Two spurts of flame stabbed the semi¬ 
darkness of the room, and he shuffled off 
his coil with the gentlest little shiver. 

Mr. Evans left forthwith. As he de¬ 
parted by the kitchen window, he dropped 
Joe Getts’ pistol in a bed of chrysanthe¬ 
mums that by some miracle grew under 
it. To have left the weapon in the room 
with the remains of Mr. Cortez would 
have been too crude. Among the flowers, 
it would appear that the assassin had 
lost it by accident. 

As he walked quickly to the nearest 
subway entrance, he drew off the old pair 
of gloves he had been wearing for the 
occasion, and threw them into the gutter. 


There would be no fingerprints on the gun 
except Joe’s. 

When he got back to the cinema house 
he paused, peering through the crack of 
the door of the fire exit until the usher 
was elsewhere. Then he slipped within 
and slid into the nearest vacant seat. 

The whole thing had taken less than 
three-quarters of an hour. 

He saw the program to the end, chat¬ 
ted with the brunette cashier on his way 
out, then took the West Side subway to 
the fur store in Amsterdam Avenue near 
Ninety-fifth Street. 

Here, he presented the check for Flos¬ 
sie’s coat and with the garment over his 
arm, prepared to board a downtown train 
as quickly as possible. He was in a hostile 
neighborhood and did not care to tarry 
there without a gun. One Limp Moran 
lived, worked and held sway from Colum¬ 
bus Circle north, and west of Central 
Park. And Mr. Moran insisted upon 
charging his limp to a bullet from Mr. 
Evans’ trusty gat, the result of a slight 
misunderstanding. 

Just as he was about to descend into 
the subway at Broadway and Ninety-sixth 
Street, Officer Cassidy strolled around the 
comer swinging his night-stick. He 
glared at Mr. Evans. 

“What you doin’ up here?” 

Mr. Evans indicated the coat on his 
arm, and explained the circumstances. 

“And you had to pick a cleaner in Limp 
Moran’s neighborhood? Cat sweat! If 
there’s any shootin’ on this beat. I’ll do it, 
see! Beat it 1” 

“I was just going,” Mr. Evans re¬ 
torted firmly, but not too firmly. 

“Foine; an’ kape goin’!” Cassidy ad¬ 
monished. 

It irked Mr. Evans to be addressed thus 
by a mere flatfoot, but being without con¬ 
cealed means of support, he did just that. 
An express train pulling in, he boarded 
it hastily and dropped into a vacant seat. 



56 


Dime Detective Magazine 


It was not often that Mr. Evans ex¬ 
amined his microscopic soul, but the un¬ 
qualified success of the evening, plus the 
lucky break of Cassidy’s showing up and 
adding his mite to an alibi, already over¬ 
flowing, pot him in a mellow mood. Per¬ 
haps he had neglected Flossie a bit of 
late, he thought, as he stroked the seal fur. 

She had gone to bed when he got in, 
so he hung the coat over the back of a 
chair. As he did so, the mantel dock 
struck twdve. He glanced at it with a 
smile of approbation, then opened the 
glass door and set it bade half an hour to 
the correct time, and did the same to his 
wrist-watch. 

TJREAKFAST the next morning, he 
tried to invest with a mildly festive 
mood. The toast was slightly turned as 
usual, but he made no comment. The 
coffee was not all that could be desired, 
but he drank it without a scowl. 

Flossie looked at him thoughtfully. Her 
hard blue eyes narrowed with suspicion. 

“Where was you last night 1” die asked 
casually. 

“Why,” said Chuck, “I went to the 
Dutchman’s and to the movies and then 
uptown for your benny.” 

“Oh, yeah? Well you took a helluva 
long time about it” 

Mr. Evans smiled. “Ain’t getting 
jealous, are you?” he asked jocularly. 

“What of ?” she demanded, looking him 
up and down—mostly down. 

Mr. Evans blinked. “What’s eating 
you, this morning?” he wanted to know. 

“Moths!” she snapped. 

The morning paper being at that mo¬ 
ment slipped under the door, she went and 
got it. 

If there was one thing that infuriated 
Chuck; it was the habit she had of stand¬ 
ing in the middle of the kitchen, munching 
toast and scanning the front page with¬ 
out comment, when he wanted to see who 


had been rubbed out during the night 
But this morning, he knew who had been, 
so he merely watched Flossie’s face. He 
gleaned nothing from her expression, so 
he concluded that Mr. Cortez’ demise 
had missed the morning editions. 

When Flossie finally laid the paper 
down, he saw that his surmise had been 
right. Nary an agate line of Mr. Cortez' 
departure from this vale of tears. 

Chuck spent the rest of the morning 
helping Flossie with the dishes and being 
generally in the way. Her caustic com¬ 
ments merely evoked the gentlest of 
smiles. He wanted to be on hand when 
the news of Joe Getts’ arrest came along. 

He was just about to go down to the 
comer to see if the noon editions had 
come out, when the bell rang. He went to 
the door and answered it. It was Lieu¬ 
tenant of Detectives Paul Ames, and Cap¬ 
tain Rice of the Homicide Squad. 

“The chief wants to see you, Chuck," 
said Captain Rice. 

“Who—me?” said Chuck. “What for?” 

“Something about a fur warehouse over 
in Jersey,” Rice said. “Somebody cleaned 
it out last night.” 

“I haven’t been in Joisey for a month,” 
said Chuck. “Besides, I don’t do business 
on that side of the river.” 

Captain Rice nodded. “That’s what I 
told the chief; but orders are orders. He 
wants the frau to come along, too.” 

“What for ? What would Flossie know ? 
She never mixes in business.” 

“I know. But the chief said to bring 
her in. Tell her to put her hat and coat 

“All right, have it my way,” said 
Chuck. 

The police auto was waiting downstairs. 
The four got in, Lieutenant Ames at the 
wheel. He was a tall, bronzed man. He 
leaned over the steering wheel like a hard" 
riding cowboy, as the car weaved through 
the traffic with the siren screaming. 



Automatic Alibi 


57 


WITH Chief of Police O’Neill was 
” District Attorney McLaughlin. The 
D. A/s steel-gray eyes sized Chuck up 
from under their bushy brows. Flossie 
had been left in the outer room. 

Mr. Evans smiled at the two men. 

“What’s this about a warehouse job in 
Joisey, Chief ?’ he asked. “You wouldn’t 
frame me, would you?" 

The chief pointed to a chair and Chuck 
sat down. 

“Where were you last night, Evans?” 
he asked. 

“Who—me?” said Chuck—his favorite 
retort when gaining time was the essence 
of the argument. Then he reeled off his 
evening’s activities—slightly censored— 
with the ease and confidence of one who 
knows he has a perfect alibi. 

“I see. What time did you get home ?” 

Mr. Evans thought quickly. The epi¬ 
sode with Officer Cassidy called for a 
slight modification of the time element 

“Half past eleven,” he replied with the 
dignity of conscious virtue. 

The chief made a note on a pad. 

“You are sure that you stayed at the 
movie as long as you say you did?” he 
asked. 

“Sure did. Ask the cashier girl. She 
saw me go in and come out.” He offered, 
in addition, to give the chief a resume of 
the entire plot including the news reel and 
the Mickey Mouse comedy. But the chief 
waved it aside. 

“Let me see your rod, Evans,” he said. 

“I don’t lug no rod, Chief—not any 
more.” 

“What did you do with it?” 

Mr. Evans considered. This was some¬ 
what of a quandary. If they had found 
the pistol on Mr. Getts, it would be no 
time at all before they traced it to him 
by the maker’s number. Honesty seemed 
the best policy, at the moment. 

“I sold it to Joe Getts,” he replied 
glibly. 


The chief said nothing for some mo¬ 
ments, but he and the district attorney ex¬ 
changed glances. He scribbled again on 
the pad, then handed the result over his 
shoulder to Lieutenant Ames, who left 
the room immediately. McLaughlin 
drummed the desk with his long, bony 
fingers. 

Lieutenant Ames returned presently 
and handed the slip of paper back to his 
superior. The chief scrutinized it at 
length, then he said: “Cassidy stated that 
he ran into you at the subway entrance at 
Ninety-sixth and Broadway, at ten min¬ 
utes past eleven. 

“Check,” said Mr. Evans happily. “And 
I live at Eighth Avenue and Forty-second. 
It was just half past eleven when I walked 
into my flat.” 

Chief of Police O’Neill glanced at the 
slip of paper in his hand. 

“There seems to be a mistake, Evans,” 
he remarked softly. “Your wife just 
stated to Lieutenant Ames that she heard 
the clock strike twelve when you came in.” 

Mr. Evans drew his breath in sharply. 
The idea of tampering with time had been 
merely to confuse Flossie should she be 
called to answer questions. He had 
achieved the effect, it seemed. 

“She was in bed. She must have been 
dreaming,” he replied, less happily. “She’s 
all wetf” 

“Maybe she is, but if she isn’t, Fm 
just wondering why you’re lying about 
the last half hour. It doesn’t matter, one 
way or the other.” 

Chuck’s lips parted, then came together 
with a click of teeth. “Is that why you 
brought me in—to ask me fool ques¬ 
tions?” he demanded angrily. 

The chief shook his head. “Not ex¬ 
actly.” 

Chuck wondered if someone had seen 
him in Manuel Cortez’ neighborhood. 
Stalling for time, he said: “What’s all 
this about, anyway? Am I supposed to 



58 


Dime Detective Magazine 


have ferried across to Joisey and done 
that warehouse job—all in half an hour?” 

“So you admit that there is half an 
hour you can’t account for?” 

“Like hell I do! I went straight home 
like I told you!” 

“You probably did, but still it won’t do, 
Evans.” 

“What won’t do?” Chuck demanded, 
feeling a premonition of disaster. “What’s 
all this toid degree about?” 

“It’s about Limp Moran, Evans. He 
was found in the areaway of his apart¬ 
ment house with a bullet through his 
head.” 

TI/TR. EVANS jerked back his head as 

A if he had been struck with a black 
jack. 

“What!” he exclaimed. “Well, for cry¬ 
ing out loud! And you think I’d be dumb 
enough to croak him after having had 
Cassidy spot me there? Be your age, 
Chief!” 

“You’d already killed him when you 
ran into Cassidy, Evans. He found 
Limp’s body in the areaway just twenty 
minutes after you had gone. At precisely 
eleven-thirty.” 

“You’re crazy. I told you I didn’t 
carry no rod, no more.” 

“You haven’t—since last night, Evans,” 
the chief agreed. He opened the drawer 
of his desk, took out an automatic and 
pushed it across the desk to Mr. Evans. 

“Recognize it?” he asked. 

Chuck drew back. His face screwed 
itself into a forced smile. 

“How would I ? All rods of that make 
and caliber look the same. And I’m not 
having any, thanks,” he added, rubbing 
the tips of his fingers on his knees. 

“We won’t need your fingerprints on it, 
Evans,” the chief said kindly. “We 
checked the number. It was sold to you 
by Maurice Klopfel in the Bowery.” 


“What of it? I told you I sold it to 
Joe Getts.” 

“So you did,” said the chief. He con¬ 
sulted, once more, the slip of paper which 
Lieutenant Ames had brought in. “Joe 
says you’re a liar. He never bought any 
gun from you in his life. He’s down¬ 
stairs. Shall we bring him up?” 

Mr. Evans was beginning to suspect 
that all was not well. Still, he believed 
that he saw a light in the offing. 

“You took the rod off him, didn’t you? 
That checks with my story of selling it 
to him ?” 

“‘Unfortunately it doesn’t,” said the 
chief. “Joe Getts lost his in Manuel Cor¬ 
tez’ flower-bed on the getaway, and one 
of the city garbage men found this rod 
—yours, Evans—in a garbage can on Co¬ 
lumbus Avenue around the corner from 
Limp Moran’s apartment house.” 

“If he did, Joe Getts put it there him¬ 
self!” Mr. Evans asserted vehemently. 
And then he asked innocently, “What 
would he be doing at Cortez’s ?” 

The chief smiled. 

“I forgot you hadn’t heard—or had 
you ? Manuel Cortez was also bumped off 
last night. Joe was in the neighborhood 
at the time of the killing. Klopfel, the 
pawnbroker, stated that he was in his 
place for the better part of an hour, hag¬ 
gling over the price of a diamond brace¬ 
let. We fixed the approximate time of the 
killing by Cuban Pete. He had just left 
Cortez to go over to Mott Street for some 
betel-nuts. When he got back, Cortez was 
dead.” 

The chief paused briefly, then added, 
“Both cases look so fishy that we kept 
them out of the morning papers. I don’t 
think Joe put your rod in the garbage can, 
but you and your lawyer are welcome to 
that theory. Qever of you to plant the 
wife’s coat in Limp’s territory for an ex¬ 
cuse if you were seen there, but I’m afraid 
it isn’t going to do you much good.” 



Automatic Alibi 


59 


Mr. Evans drew a deep breath. “So 
you’re framing me for croaking Limp Mo¬ 
ran!” he snarled. 

Chief O’Neill’s mild blue eyes hard¬ 
ened. 

“I never framed a yegg in my life, and 
you know it, Evans,” he said harshly. 
“If you have a better story—an alibi that 
will hold water—I’m here to listen.” 

Mr. Evans swallowed hard. He had 
one, eminently water-proof . . . but, he 
reflected sadly, it was hopping, literally, 
from the frying-pan into the fire. 

“I’ll say what I have to say to my law¬ 
yer !” he snapped. 

The chief shrugged his shoulders. 

“Have it your way.” He paused. “I 
thought maybe you’d be willing to talk 
turkey, Evans. You had the time, the 
opportunity and the motive for killing 
Lamp Moran. You haven’t a chance.” 

“What you mean—toikey?” 

“Well, the district attorney here, is will¬ 
ing to accept a plea of second-degree mur¬ 
der to save the state a lot of money. Joe 
Getts has already agreed to take the rap 
for Manuel Cortez. Both of you are en¬ 
titled to medals, of course, but we’re out 
of medals at the moment” 

1%/TR. EVANS ran his hand across his 
eyes to brush away the unpleasant 
vision that kept persisting there, the vi¬ 
sion of Flossie, wife of his bosom, plant¬ 
ing her fur coat in Limp Moran’s do¬ 


main, and of Mr. Getts being small 
enough to take advantage of his—Mr. 
Evans’—little joke in exchanging guns at 
the Dutchman’s. 

Chief O’Neill was still speaking. 

“It’s an open and shut case, Evans. We 
extracted the slug from Moran and our 
ballistic expert states that it came from 
your gun. Examination disclosed that the 
gun had been fired recently . . . The 
same holds good for Joe’s rod—only it 
had been fired twice, so we have double 
proof there, so to speak. 

“It may interest you to know, Evans, 
that never in all my years as a cop has 
so complete and satisfactory a chain of 
circumstantial evidence been pieced to¬ 
gether in so short a time, and to Lieuten¬ 
ant Ames, here, belongs the credit . . . 
So perfect are the two cases that if it 
wasn’t that you and Joe were pals, I’d 
think you’d framed each other.” 

He pushed a typed sheet across the desk 
to Mr. Evans. 

“Sign on the dotted line, please,” he 
said affably. 

The two regarded each other across 
the glass-topped desk, in which many a 
hard guy had seen the reflection of his 
finish. Something resembling a wink in 
the mild blue eyes of the chief brought 
the faintest flicker of a smile to Mr. 
Evans’ thin lips. 

“O. K. with me,” he said briefly, and 
reached for the pen. 


In the Next Issue 

CARDIGAN COMES BACK 

— in — 

FREDERICK NEBEL’S 

TOO HOT TO HANDLE 

Page after thrill-packed page of the kind of smashing action you’ve come to watch 
for and expect whenever that big dick from the Cosmos Agency is scheduled to 
appear. This time he gets himself mixed up in a murder mystery that has all the 
earmarks of accidental death—and would have gone down as such if the killer 
hadn’t forgotten to put on his asbestos gloves when Cardigan stepped in. 

DIME DETECTIVE MAGAZINE It will be out 

for on 

SEPTEMBER 15th _ AUGUST 31st 




“For Gocf« sake get that 



Death On Delivery 

One by one those corpse-freighted terror trunks had been burst open — 
the body’s limbs in each case frozen stiff, yet the death cause obviously 
asphyxiation. What was the reason for this mad contradiction of clues? 
Why, Detective Oakley asked himself, should even the craziest killer gas 
a man to death—then chill only the victim’s arms and legs against decay? 


60 




door open!” Brixey urged. 



An Oke Oakley Story by Frederick C> Davis 

Author of “Death Lights the Candle” etc. 


CHAPTER ONE 


Falling Star 


C LAY OAKLEY, of Secrets, In¬ 
corporated, feeling in festive 
mood, and with his two assistants 
at his side—the pert, red-headed Miss 


Charmaine Morris, and the aristocratic 
Archibald Brixey—mounted to the deck 
of the Ocean Casino. 

The gambling ship lay at anchor more 
than twelve miles off the Southern Cali¬ 
fornia shore—a bit farther than the arm 
of the law could span—affording music, 


61 



62 


Dime Detective Magazine 


drink, beauteous women, various games 
of chance, in short, all the revelry that 
Oakley craved. 

Crossing the after deck, where couples 
were dancing to radioed music between 
selections from the ship’s orchestra, he 
observed familiar faces. From Long 
Beach, swift launches had brought movie 
actresses in shimmering gowns, paunchy 
men who were Hollywood studio execu¬ 
tives, and painfully handsome juveniles. 
Present also, were a few local worshipers 
doing obeisance to the God of Chance, 
and the usual allotment of sight-seers 
from Iowa. It was all very garish, play¬ 
ful and intoxicating. 

“Stick close to Oke, Cherry,” Oakley 
sighed to Charmaine Morris. “I see cov¬ 
etous eyes directed at you already. And 
let’s make haste to lose a few hard-earned 
dollars on these crooked games.” 

“By Jove!” Brixey remarked, gazing 
upon soft faces and slender figures in the 
moonlight “This is quite delightful!” 

The breeze fluttered Japanese lanterns 
on deck; ice tinkled in tall glasses, cards 
flipped, chips clattered inside the main 
salon. 

Glancing at Charmaine Morris’ bril¬ 
liant coiffure as he moved toward the 
nearest table, Oakley remarked confident¬ 
ly: “I’m playing my chances with the 
red.” 

TTHE roulette wheel was whizzing, and 
two bright eyes were watching the 
bounding ball, when the radio music gave 
way to the reproduced clang of a bell. 
Through the loud speaker an announcer’s 
voice spoke quickly: “We interrupt to 
give you a news flash, ladies and gentle¬ 
men. The dead body of an unidentified 
man has just been discovered under pe¬ 
culiar circumstances on Roosevelt High¬ 
way at Santa Monica.” 

“Never mind,” Oakley observed. “We 
came here to get away from business.” 


“A few minutes ago,” the radio per¬ 
sisted, "an express truck, driving north, 
collided with a sedan, traveling sputh, 
wrecking both vehicles. The violence of 
the impact threw from the truck an old 
trunk, which burst when it struck the 
road. The body of a dead man fell out 
of it; a body clad only in underwear, bear¬ 
ing marks that seem to indicate murder. 
The hands and feet of the corpse appear 
to have been frozen, yet death was pre¬ 
sumably caused by asphyxiation.” 

Oakley curled his arm through Cherry’s 
and said happily: “Red wins, and I’m 
playing it again.” 

The announcer continued: “The trunk 
was an old one bearing the initials N. B., 
which had been freshly painted over. 
The driver of the express truck was se¬ 
verely injured, and has been taken to St. 
Vincent’s Hospital. Therefore, full de¬ 
tails concerning the accident are not avail¬ 
able. The police have not identified the 
corpse, but they have revealed that the 
little finger of the left hand was ampu¬ 
tated years ago, and there is an American 
flag tattooed on the right forearm. Any¬ 
one recognizing this description is request¬ 
ed to get in touch immediately with the 
chief of police of Santa Monica.” 

“The corpse,” Brixey observed aloofly, 
“is a stranger to me. Red has won again, 
Oke.” 

“Oke has taken a sudden fancy to a 
brunette, Archie,” Cherry remarked, 
“and this time, no doubt, he’ll play the 
black—the fickle so-and-so.” 

Oakley said: “Nonsense!” but kept 
looking across the table at the ravishing 
brunette. 

All that beauty cpuld give was hers— 
a perfectly modeled face, an exquisite fig¬ 
ure, grace of movement, and the reflec¬ 
tion of uncommon intelligence in her lus¬ 
trous eyes. Because it was Oakley’s busi¬ 
ness to know all Hollywood faces, he rec¬ 
ognized her as Claire Kent, an actress 



Death on Delivery 


63 


of rapidly mounting popularity, whose 
presence in many Stupendous Produc¬ 
tions bad eased the eyes of multitudinous 
worshiping males. She appeared at the 
moment, however, distinctly uneasy and 
alarmed. 

Turning quickly from the table, her 
satin gown glimmering with the move¬ 
ment of her lithe body, she hurried to¬ 
ward the forward deck. Pale and anx¬ 
ious, she paused, framed alluringly against 
the darkness outside, and glanced swift¬ 
ly at Oakley. As Cherry Morris touched 
his arm, Oakley murmured: “Ravishing 
—and terrified!” 

“Red has come up again, Oke, so let 
that be a lesson to you,” said Cherry. 

Oakley was again intent upon the spin¬ 
ning roulette ball, when exquisite per¬ 
fume came to him and a soft hand touched 
his arm. “Mr. Oakley, please, may I see 
you—alone?” 

He turned to look into the dread-filled 
eyes of Claire Kent. Her red lips were 
parted, her expression one of pleading. 
Oakley promptly bowed. “Of Course." 

"On deck,” the actress whispered. “I 
know you’re a private detective. It—it’s 
of the utmost importance." 

“Charmed,” said Oakley. 

The enchanting vision vanished. Oak¬ 
ley waited impatiently for the wheel to 
cease whirling as Brixey observed, “Real¬ 
ly, some chaps get all the breaks,” and 
Cherry Morris added dryly: “We’re here 
to get away from business, are we?” Red 
clicked up again and Oakley pocketed a 
handful of chips, smiled and excused him¬ 
self. 

He stepped toward the door, stopped, 
groaned, and gazed balefully at the bulky 
man who barred his way. “You,” he 
said. “McClane, your presence mars an 
otherwise pleasant seascape.” 

Detective-Lieutenant McClane, from 
Los Angeles headquarters, chuckled: 


“Hello, shamus. We seem to turn up at 
the same places, don’t we?” McClane 
smiled as Oakley stepped past. “But that 
shouldn’t get under your skin. We’ve 
worked together on plenty of cases, and—” 

“You mean,” Oakley cut in dryly, “I’ve 
cracked cases for you that had you com¬ 
pletely stumped, and you ought to be 
grateful. Instead, you have a childish 
notion that all private detectives—me in 
particular—are crooks in fancy disguise. 
At this very moment, you’re itching to 
throw me into the cooler—” 

“All right, all right, have it your 
own—” McClane broke off, and Oakley 
paused as he was stepping out on deck 
for, at that moment, a shrill, frightened 
scream rang out 

TT CAME from the lantern-lighted 
1 gloom forward—quick, sharp, breath¬ 
less. It raised heads from the gaming 
tables, gave dancers pause; it brought the 
heel-beats of the ship’s bouncers pound¬ 
ing through the moonlight. Then it came 
a second time, a strangled gasp, as Oak¬ 
ley shifted quickly to the promenade. 

Somewhere forward, dull blows sound¬ 
ed and cloth ripped. Feet scraped, and 
flashing whiteness near the rail vanished 
downward swiftly. Quick footfalls raced 
away through the darkness and, from be¬ 
low, came a smacking splash. 

“Man overboard!” 

Oakley looked down on a terrified 
girl’s face, red lips parted in a sputter¬ 
ing cry, hair wetly matted. An inky wave 
blotted her over. 

McClane, shouldering close, bellowed: 
“Lower a boat!" 

Wasting no time on thoughts of boats, 
Oakley stripped out of his white mess 
jacket, heeled off his shoes. Whiteness 
was flickering again through the black 
waves as he swung over the raiL He 
heard Cherry’s voice exclaim breathless- 



64 


Dime Detective Magazine 


ly, “Oke—careful!” and straightened into 
a long, smooth dive. 

He bobbed up at once, reached for a 
slender hand that was sliding out of sight 
beneath the surface. His pull upon it 
brought close to him a girl’s figure. He 
hooked one arm beneath her chin and 
with the other grabbed for a life pre¬ 
server that plunked down nearby. Tread¬ 
ing water, he drew the girl’s arms through 
it and shouted toward the gallery of faces 
peering down from the rail. 

“Pull her up!” To the girl he urged: 
“Hang onl You’re all right!” 

The light now showed him the glisten¬ 
ing features of Claire Kent. She choked 
and clung desperately to the white ring. 
As the rope lifted her, her gown, cling¬ 
ing skin-tight, trailed water. Oakley 
struck out smoothly toward the accom¬ 
modation ladder as she was lifted over 
the rail. 

The deck was in commotion when he 
trod wet footprints across it. Cherry 
Morris, eyeing him askance, kept at one 
side of him, the amazed Brixey at the 
other. Through the hubbub of voices 
that of Claire Kent was audible. “I—I lost 
my balance! I fell! I’m all right! 
Please—It was just an accident! Thank 
you so much! I—fell.” She tugged 
around her a blanket that was brought 
by a steward, tried to laugh. A man in 
uniform was issuing crisp orders, direct¬ 
ing that Miss Kent be escorted to a state¬ 
room. She protested breathlessly that 
she wanted to be taken ashore at once. 
As she hurried to the rail, she flashed 
another glance at Oakley with eyes that 
desperately warned silence. 

The swift launch sped from the Ocean 
Casino. The huddled blanket-wrapped 
figure of Claire Kent faded into the 
moonlight. Oakley’s last glimpse was of 
her glistening, white face. He pulled an¬ 
other blanket around him as a voice said: 


“Step this way, sir. We’ll take care of 
you.” 

Brixey snapped: “He can jolly well 
take care of himself!” 

“I think you’re right, Archie,” Oakley 
affirmed. “I’ve suddenly lost interest in 
this boat. It will be simpler to dry out 
at home.” 

He heard a chuckle, and turned to en¬ 
counter McClane’s tobacco-stained grin. 
“Always the hero,” the detective bit. 

“Always the horse’s neck,” Oakley re¬ 
torted. “As dry as you are at this mo¬ 
ment, McClane, you should be ashamed 
of yourself.” 

“Huh!” McClane said dully. 

As the second launch bubbled its way 
swiftly toward the distant California 
shore, Cherry Morris, her red hair fluf¬ 
fing in the sea wind, watched Oakley with 
a wry smile. Archibald Brixey adjusted 
his monocle and looked bewildered. “She 
said she fell,” he recalled. But—” 

“But is it exactly,” Archie said, shiv¬ 
ering. “For some reason the young lady 
was desperately anxious that no one know 
the truth. She didn’t fall—she was 
thrown overboard.” 

Cherry Morris spoke up pertly. “Of 
course, she was thrown, Archie. It was 
Oke who fell—for her.” 

CHAPTER TWO 

The Second Trunk 

/'YAKLEY punched the bell of a modest 
house in Beverly Hills—modest, as 
judged by the grandiose standards of the 
Hollywood film colony, impressive by any 
other. He gazed at the car which, stand¬ 
ing before the entrance, was powdered 
from bumper to bumper with alkali and 
dust. He glanced at his watch to see 
that it was shortly past nine P. M. Then 
watched Charmaine Morris powder her 
patrician nose before he rang. 

“Strange,” he observed, “that we 



Death on Delivery 


65 


haven’t heard from Claire Kent since last 
night.” 

“Is it, darling?” Cherry asked, frostily. 

He took her squarely by the shoulders. 
“Snap out of it. Cherry! You know well 
enough that— Oh, hell! Quit being so 
much of a woman!” 

She said distantly: “Did I mention that 
I’m considering accepting the five-year 
contract Max Sartman offered me last 
week to play in Stupendous Pictures?” 

"Are you ?” He leaned over and kissed 
her. 

She stepped back, looked breathless, 
said: “Well, frankly, no.” 

“Oke,” said Oakley. 

The opening door disclosed a French 
maid who escorted them into an amber- 
lighted living room furnished with Span¬ 
ish antiques. A man past middle age 
hurried from a chair to grasp Oakley’s 
hand. He acknowledged the introduction 
to Cherry Morris with a worried glance 
and blurted: "I’m Sidney Sandwell, Mr. 
Oakley—Faith Lee’s father. I need your 
help.” 

“I’m here for just that,” Oakley an¬ 
swered coolly, taking a chair. As Cherry 
seated herself he consulted his notebook. 
“You returned to Hollywood later than 
you expected to when you telephoned me 
long distance, night before last, from 
Yuma.” 

Sidney Sandwell’s was an unpleasant, 
pinched face; his eyes moved restlessly. 
“Yes, yes!” he answered, brushing ner¬ 
vously at his grayed temples. “You re¬ 
ceived the telegram I sent from Phoenix 
yesterday?” 

“The one saying your return was de¬ 
layed ? I did.” 

“I’ve only just got back,” Sandwell 
continued. “I phoned your office as soon 
as I stepped into this house. I’ve been 
driving from place to place, trying to find 
Faith. I’m at my wits’ end. I thought 


she’d run off with Brooks to be mar¬ 
ried, but—” 

“Perhaps,” Oakley suggested, “we’d 
better begin at the beginning.” 

“You—you know that Faith Lee, my 
daughter, is one of the most popular ac¬ 
tresses in the studios. Her real name is 
Fay Sandwell. Her mother died years 
ago. She has been in pictures since 
nineteen thirty. Now she’s almost at 
the top. We’ve lived here for the last 
year—Faith and I and Doctor Brenner, 
my step-son by an earlier marriage. 

"Day before yesterday,” Sandwell 
went on, "Faith came home from the stu¬ 
dio early. She’d had a slight heart at¬ 
tack. She stayed in her room, resting, 
the remainder of the day. That eve¬ 
ning, when I went in to see how she was 
feeling—she was gone. 

“I telephoned the studio, and was told 
she wasn’t there. Knowing that she— 
she fancied herself to be in love with 
Vernon Brooks, her director at Stupen¬ 
dous, I telephoned his place. I learned 
that Brooks was not at home. He had 
left the studio but no one knew where he 
was.” 

“And you thought—” 

“I thought,” Sandwell said nervously, 
“that Faith and Brooks had suddenly de¬ 
cided to get married, and had run off to¬ 
gether. I’d tried to discourage her from 
considering Brooks as a husband. I was 
firmly convinced she shouldn’t marry him. 
I became genuinely alarmed.” 

“Why?” 

“I dislike that young man. Besides, 
Faith’s contract has a non-marriage clause 
in it, and the contract would automatically 
be broken.” 

“I see.” 

“I immediately telephoned Yuma, Ari¬ 
zona—you know, California couples are 
always rushing there for quick marriages 
—but I could get no co-operation. Faith 
being of age. I decided to drive to Yuma. 



66 


Dime Detective Magazine 


' I arrived there after midnight, but, so 
far as I could learn, Faith and Brooks 
• had not appeared. I grew frantic. I 
telephoned you then, Mr. Oakley, because 
1 was afraid—afraid something might 
have happened to Faith, and I wanted 
your help. 

"I stopped at every town along the 
way, thinking perhaps they had gone be¬ 
yond Yuma to avoid publicity. There was 
no word of them anywhere. I wired 
you from Phoenix, explaining that my 
return would be delayed. Mr. Oakley—it’s 
possible she’s been kidnaped!” 

“You’ve had no demand for ransom?” 

“No. I’ve been away, but the servants 
tell me no word has come.” 

“Your step-son, the Doctor Brenner 
you mentioned, was not here to receive 
. such word if it came?” 

“He left the city the same night Faith 
disappeared. I believe he went off for a 
short vacation. I don’t know. He’s a 
taciturn sort” 

“And Vernon Brooks, the director, is 
also missing?” 

“Yes.” 

“May I, see Miss Lee’s room?” 

CIDNEY SANDWELL led the way 
along the hall, Oakley and Cherry 
Morris following briskly. They entered 
a large, modemly furnished bedroom, 
completely in order. A complete investiga¬ 
tion showed that none of the girl’s clothes 
were missing. 

Oakley lifted an expensive purse from 
the dresser, unclasped it and found a small 
box containing many small white pills, 
bedded on a layer of cotton. “These are,” 
he observed, “amyl nitrite pearls—used 
by victims of angina pectoris to alleviate 
attacks. Had she others on hand?” 

“She was never without a supply, I can 
assure you. Lack of amyl nitrite may 
mean death to a sufferer from angina in 
case of an attack. If she left here of her 


own will, she must have taken some with 
her, yet— I can’t say that she had oth- 

Oakley, opening a compact, found a 
slip of paper inside it no longer or wider 
than a thumb. On it was written in an 
unfeminine hand —La Hacienda, Arrow¬ 
head. He kept the slip in his fingers, shut 
the case, eased his hand into his pocket. 

“Look here,” he said sternly. “If Miss 
Lee was kidnaped, she must have been 
taken from his house at night If she 
left of her own accord, she went at the 
same time. She was not alone here. Where 
is your room—and that of Doctor Bren¬ 
ner?” 

Sidney Sandwell indicated two doors 
down the hall. “Very close, you see. 
Yet I heard nothing.” 

“And Doctor Brenner was gone at the 
time you discovered your daughter’s ab¬ 
sence?” 

"Yes.” 

Oakley entered the room of Doctor 
Norman Brenner. On bookshelves there 
were numerous volumes on biology and 
medicine. A look into the adjoining bath¬ 
room disclosed no shaving kit. Sand¬ 
well brought Oakley a photograph of a 
middle-aged, clean-shaven, studious look¬ 
ing man. 

“That’s Norman. His suitcase is not 
here. He packed and went without ex¬ 
plaining where he was going or how long 
he would stay. The maid saw him drive 
away.” 

“Then it isn’t possible that your daugh¬ 
ter went off somewhere with Doctor 
Brenner, instead of with Vernon 
Brooks ?” 

“No. There are only two possible 
ways to explain her absence. She was 
abducted, or she ran off with Brooks to 
get married.” 

“But,” Oakley suggested, “once she 
was married to him, which probably 
would have occurred soon after she left, 



Death on Delivery 


6 \ 7 , 


she wouldn’t deliberately refrain from 
getting in touch with you—knowing her 
absence would worry you. Anyhow, she 
wouldn’t go off to get married undressed. 

"The remaining possibility, abduction, 
seems not quite logical, either,’’ Oakley 
pointed out, "because there has been no 
demand for ransom. She couldn’t very 
well have been kidnaped from the house 
without a disturbance, which you surely 
would have heard. When we come right 
down to it, we don’t know what the devil 
has happened to Miss Faith Lee.” 

Sidney Sandwell’s eyes widened anx¬ 
iously. 

"I am afraid she’s been killedl” 

Oakley’s eyebrows arched. “Killed? 
What reason would there be for any one 
killing her? How could she have been 
attacked here in this house—as she must 
have been, since none of her clothes arc 
missing—without either you or Doctor 
Brenner hearing some alarm?” 

Sandwell’s eyes became white-circled. 
“I—I don’t know, but—there—there’s 
another circumstance—” 

“Which you’ve been holding back on 
me,” Oakley diagnosed. “Unless you tell 
me everything you know, and at once, Mr. 
Sandwell, I will bow myself out of the 
case.” 

“No, please don’t do that! I need 
your help desperately. I’ll tell you every¬ 
thing I know about it, and—here.” He 
removed a wallet from his pocket, and 
a paper slip from the wallet. He bent 
over a writing desk in the bedroom and 
scribbled. Quickly he handed Oakley a 
check written to the order of Sidney 
Sandwell and signed by Fay Sandwell to 
the amount of one thousand dollars. Sand¬ 
well had just endorsed it to Clay Oak¬ 
ley. “Is that sufficient as a retainer?” 

“It is, providing—” 

“Come with me!” Sandwell led the 
way quickly from the bedroom, talking 
breathlessly as he went. “Of course, 


you’ve seen the morning papers concern¬ 
ing the accident on the Roosevelt High¬ 
way, in Santa Monica, last night. The 
trunk that burst open—containing a dead 
man’s body—a man still unidentified by 
the police?” 

“I know about it,” Oakley said. 

O AND WELL led the way out the rear 
of the house, into a spacious flag- 
stoned patio bordered by gardens, lighted 
by the glow from the windows. “The 
trunk was an old one, with the initials 
N. B. on it.” 

"Yes.” 

“Like,” Sandwell exclaimed, “that 

He indicated a trunk sitting near a 
rear door of the house. It was of an old- 
fashioned type, worn and scarred by much 
travel. On each end, near the leather 
handles, was a splotch of fresh black 
paint Oakley approached it in surprise. 

“You can see,” Sandwell declared, 
“that the paint has been used to cover the 
initials, but they still show through.” 

Oakley’s eyes sharpened. “N. B.— 
Norman Brenner! Have you the keys?” 

“Perhaps they’re in the store room. I 
haven’t touched that trunk. I found it 
only a little while ago, when I got back. 
I—I dared not unlock it until you came.” 

He opened a door near the trunk, en¬ 
tered a store room filled with odds and 
ends of surplus house furnishings, 
snatched a ring of keys from a nail and 
hurried back as another door opened and 
the French maid looked out. 

“A telephone call,” she announced, “for 
Mr. Oakley.” 

“Get it, Cherry,” Oakley said, taking 
the keys. “It’s probably Archie.” He 
thrust a key into the lock, as Cherry went 
into the house. Neither the first nor the 
second key turned. 

Sandwell kept talking. “This trunk was 
kept in the store room. None of the ser¬ 
vants know how or when it was brought 



68 


Dime Detective Magazine 


out here. There were two trunks just 
alike in the store room—but the other 
one is gone!” 

The third key clicked and Oakley rose, 
unfastening the dasps. “You believe that 
the other trunk is the one which figured 
in the accident last night?" 

“I’m afraid so.” 

Oakley threw up the lid of the trunk. 
He took a breath, said: “Evidently you’re 
right.” 

Inside the trunk, curled with knees 
brought up to chin, clad only in under¬ 
wear, resting on a matting of clothing, 
lay the dead body of a man. 

“Good God 1” Sandwell gasped. “That’s 
Brooks!” 

Oakley looked grim- “You’re sure of 
that?” 

“P-positivel” Sandwell blurted. “I've 
seen him many times. He—he’s dead!" 

“Very dead,” Oakley agreed, and add¬ 
ed: “There in the corner—it looks like 
a chauffeur’s cap and tunic.” 

“Archie, as you suspected, Oke,” Cherry 
said. “An urgent telephone call has just 
come from Miss Claire Kent. She wants 
you at her house immediately.” 

Oakley nodded briskly. He took the 
telephone from Cherry and heard Archi¬ 
bald Brixey’s cultured voice sing over the 
wire. “I heard what Cherry told you, Oke. 
It’s exactly right. The lovely Miss Kent 
is shamefully upset.” 

"Hop into a taxi and meet me in front 
of her home, Archie. Cherry is coming 
to the office to take your place. I’m on 
my way." Oakley pronged the receiver 
and turned to see Sandwell staring white- 

iy- 

"What—what can we do?” Sandwell 
blurted. “God, it’s frightful—finding 
that—” He broke off. “Oakley, you can’t 
accept another case now. I’ve retained 
you! You’ve got to help me!” 

“You’ll get all my attention you need,” 
Oakley answered. “I take it you’re far 


less concerned with what happened to 
Vernon Brooks than you are about your 
daughter. Nevertheless—here—” 

He pushed the telephone at Sandwell. 
The gray-templed man’s trembling hands 
awkwardly took it. 

“Call headquarters.” 

“Headquarters? But—” 

“It’s a case for the police,” Oakley 
said briskly, “because murder is involved. 
Not one murder, but two—possibly more. 
In such matters, private detectives step 
into the background. Lose no time, Mr. 
SandwelL” 

“You think—Faith may be—dead!” 

“Just say into that transmitter, ‘Police 
headquarters’,” Oakley ordered. “An ele¬ 
phant named McClane will come tramping 
in here in no time.” 

CHAPTER THREE 

/"'kAKLEY brought his sleek roadster 
^ to a stop in front of another stucco 
house which sat prominently beside a 
winding road in Beverly Hills. He had 
sent Cherry Morris by taxi to the offices 
of Secrets, Incorporated, with instruc¬ 
tions for getting various information. 
Now he strode to the iron gate at which 
the elegant Archibald Brixey was wait¬ 
ing. 

“In,” he said. 

“Remembering Miss Kent very clear¬ 
ly,” Brixey answered, "I comply with 
alacrity.” 

Oakley’s ring at the door brought a 
Japanese man-servant who said, when he 
read the investigator’s «ard: “Miss Kent 
wait see you.” He led them along a tap¬ 
estried hallway to a door at the rear, and 
knocked. Brixey affixed his monocle in 
anticipation of the Kentian beauty, but 
there was no answer. The man-servant 
said: “Maybe she sleep.” 

“She jolly well didn’t sound sleepy 



Death on Delivery 


69 


when she talked to me on the phone,” 
Brixey observed. 

“She very upset all day,” the servant 
informed them. “Very indispose. Very 
nervous. Doctor say she must be qui¬ 
et. She be quiet now.” 

"Too quiet,” Oakley thought. And 
aloud, "Open the door.” 

The brown hand thrust wide the way. 
Oakley and Brixey looked in upon a love¬ 
ly boudoir. A huge bed, satin-covered, 
its pastel sheets thrown back—empty— 
sat between broad windows, one of which 
was wide open. Beside it lay a pair of 
gold-and-black mules. Dainty. There 
was no Claire Kent in sight. 

“Wait?" the Jap suggested tactfully. 

Oakley nodded that they would wait, 
then indicated the exotic mules. “She 
would have worn those,” he began, “if 
she had left the bed to—” 

Glass crashed somewhere close at hand. 
Oakley spun about; Brixey’s monocle 
dropped. The Jap made a throaty ex¬ 
clamation which was drowned in a loud¬ 
er, more alarming noise that thumped like 
brief thunder through the house. A shot! 

Then, closely following it, a scream 
very like the one that had disturbed the 
sea air aboard the Ocean Casino the night 
before—a cry of terror. 

Oakley sprang through the door with 
Brixey at his heels. The Jap was run¬ 
ning back and forth in the hallway, hands 
fluttering helplessly. Oakley, peering at 
other doors, heard a soft thud, and felt 
the floor jar. He bounded forward once 
more, his hand slipping his automatic 
from its arm-pit holster. 

“Archie! Outside!” 

Another scream cooled his blood as he 
twisted at the doorknob. He pushed in 
upon a startling sight. This was another 
bedroom, and it had seen swift violence. 
A standard lamp had fallen against a 
French window, cracking a pane outward; 
the sash was standing open. Beneath it. 


unconscious, lying beneath billowing satin 
that she had pulled from the bed, was 
Claire Kent. 

Otherwise, Oakley’s waving gun cov¬ 
ered emptiness. He stepped over Miss 
Kent alertly, peered out, heard swift steps 
running through grass. A dark move¬ 
ment indicated that Archibald Brixey was 
going into action. Someone leaped across 
a patch of garden beyond, covered by 
darkness, and Brixey shouted: "I say! 
Stop!” 

Far at one edge of the lawn a rustling 
sounded as the fleeing prowler fled 
through greenery. Oakley spotted Brixey 
sprinting in that direction, and swerved 
to cut off the assailant’s escape. He 
leaped bushes, whirled against a stucco 
wall, darted back. Out of the gloom came 
a thump and a moan. 

Somebody had gone down. 

HTHE hedge rippled as an unseen per¬ 
son burst through it. Beyond, heels 
gritted on the cement Oakley swung to 
push through, met the obstruction of a 
wall concealed behind the hedge, and was 
forced to go farther along till he came to 
a break. The roar of a motor dinned 
into the quiet as he dived through. 

A car was speeding, without lights. 
Oakley whirled, scratched his way 
back through the hedge, saw Brixey un¬ 
folding unsteadily from the grass, and 
sped toward the house. 

He legged in through the same window 
and went into Claire Kent’s bedroom. 
The Jap was holding smelling salts be¬ 
neath her comely nose, and she was push¬ 
ing the bottle away. Oakley took up the 
telephone and began to dial headquarters. 

“Don’t!” the actress beseeched sudden¬ 
ly. “Don’t call the police!” 

Oakley’s finger poised. 

“No—please! Not the police 1” 

The girl’s tone was so imploring, her 
eyes so desperate, that Oakley abandoned 



70 


Dime Detective Magazine 


the phone. He trod back to the hall to 
find Brixey staggering an through the 
side door. That young man’s aristocratic 
chin was marred by a smear of blood. He 
Was mopping at it with his handkerchief, 
ruffling his sparse hair and blinking. 

“I do wish,” he complained, "that we 
could take one case which wouldn’t en¬ 
tail my getting clipped on the head. That 
blighter hit me with a telephone pole.” 

Oakley made a disgusted noise and 
returned to the bedroom. Claire Kent 
lay clad only in a filmy nightgown deli¬ 
cately adorned with fine lace. She was 
confusedly gesturing the manservant 
away. Oakley stepped close, draped die 
blue sheet over her beautiful form and 
nodded gravely when she said, "Thank 
you.” 

“What happened?” he asked. 

“I was lying here, dozing,” she told 
him, echoing the alarm she had felt at 
the moment. “I was awakened by some¬ 
one .seizing me. A hand closed over my 
mouth; I was pulled out of bed, and into 
the next room. Somehow, I managed to 
break away—I think I screamed." 

“You did,” Oakley affirmed, “and 
thereby saved yourself from feeing dragged 
hut of the house. Did you see the face 
of the man who grabbed you?” 

“No—mot mice!” 

“A prowler,” Oakley mused, “steals in 
through your bedroom window, grabs you, 
attempts to carry you away for the devil 
only knows what purpose—and you de¬ 
cline to have the polk* notified. Why?” 

She sat up in alarm. “Mr. Oaldey, 
above everything else—no publicity. None! 
Not the slightest! No matter what has 
happened, no matter what happens—my 
name has got to be kept out of this! That's 
why I want to retain you.” 

“Motion-Picture actresses,” Oakley ob¬ 
served, “don’t usually shy from pub¬ 
licity.” 


She hesitated. “Mr. Oakley, you’ve 
got to understand. I have no delusions 
about myself. I’m a featured player 
through sheer good luck. I hold my own 
because of this manufactured beauty that 
Hollywood has given me. It’s all I’ve got, 
ail that keeps me working. But—there 
are thousands of other girls in Holly¬ 
wood, prettier than I am, far better ac¬ 
tresses. One of them could take my place 
overnight, and I’d never be missed.” 

Oakley warmed to the girl’s refreshing 
frankness. “At the moment,” he said 
gallantly, “I find that difficult to believe.” 

“Will you help me?" she pled. 

Oakley thought. "I’ll do everything I 
can to save you from unfavorable pub¬ 
licity,” he said, “but circumstances may 
make that impossible. You see, so far 
I don’t know what you’re talking about 
—except that you know whose dead body 
crashed out of die trunk on the Roose¬ 
velt Highway last night.” 

“How—how did you know that?” She 
fairly gasped it. “How did you?” 

“Before the announcement came from 
the radio on the boat, you were at ease,” 
Oakley told her. “The moment you heard 
it, you became terrified. You reoognized 
the description of the corpse in the trunk.” 

QHE nodded, settling back again, ab- 
^ sorbed in troubled thought. 

“Day before yesterday, I was working 
in thp studio with Faith Lee in When 
Lovers Part. Faith was taken ill and 
went home. Vernon Brooks, the director, 
filled out the day taking scenes in which 
Faith did not figure. We finished work 
early in the evening, after dark. We were 
concerned about Faith, so Brooks and I 
decided to go to her house and see how 
she was. We went in my car. 

“We were almost in front of Faith’s 
heme, when the door opened. The thing 
we saw startled all of us. A man came 
out. He was carying a girl in his arms. 



Death on Delivery 


71 


She seemed to be otily partly clothed, and 
unconscious. He stepped away quickly, 
into the darkness, and because it was all 
so surprising, Anderson stopped our car 
outside the driveway.” 

"Yes?” 

"The man put the girl in a car wait¬ 
ing beside the house. He didn’t notice 
us. Brooks said, ‘That was Faith—I saw 
her face!’ Just then the car shot out of 
the driveway. Anderson said, ‘I’d bet¬ 
ter follow that car.’ It went like light¬ 
ning—several times we thought we’d lost 
it—but we managed to follow it to a 
building on the campus of the St. Vin¬ 
cent College.” 

"You took its number?" Oakley asked. 

“I didn’t think of that Brooks did— 
I heard him repeat a number, but I can’t 
remember it now. Anderson must have 
noticed it, too, but in a moment you’ll 
understand— It’s so horrible, I—” 

The girl steadied herself, her face white 
as alabaster, and continued. 

"We stopped behind the car on the 
campus. It was dreadfully dark. Evi¬ 
dently the man we had followed had car¬ 
ried Faith inside the building. The win¬ 
dows were curtained, but some light was 
shining through the blinds. Brooks got 
out first and said, ‘I’ll see what the devil 
this is all about.’ He went to the door 
and knocked, and when it opened, he 
stepped in. 

“We saw him stagger, as though he’d 
been hit, and then the door closed quick¬ 
ly. Anderson got out of the car, ran to 
the door and tried to open it, but it was 
locked. He called, ‘Mr. Brooks!’ and 
there wasn’t any answer. I stayed in the 
car because I was frightened. Anderson 
threw himself against the door. He did 
it three times—and the third time it flew 
open and he stumbled in.” 

“Yes?” Oakley said again, with mount¬ 
ing interest. 

“I saw Anderson bring up short against 


a long table. He was trying to regain his 
balance when an arm swung into view 
—just an arm. Anderson was hit on the 
head by something—terribly hard. He 
went down instantly. I was terrified; I 
think I screamed. Next that figure ap¬ 
peared in the door—just a black silhou¬ 
ette, a man with shoulders drawn down, 
his face shaded by a hat—holding some¬ 
thing heavy in his hand. He started to¬ 
ward me—” 

"And,” Oakley surmised, “you tried to 
get away.” 

“I jumped out of the car and ran. He 
came after me, grabbed me. He struck 
at me and missed. I twisted away and 
pushed him. He stumbled and fell. He 
was getting up when I rushed back to 
the car. He was coming after me again 
when I started off. I got away from 
there as fast as I could—so terrified I 
hardly knew what I was doing.” 

“And all this time,” Oakley asked, 
"you didn’t see this man’s face?” 

"It was pitch dark. All I can remem¬ 
ber was seeing him twice—” 

QHE swallowed. “I rushed off the cam- 
pus in the car, thinking only of tele¬ 
phoning the police. I didn’t know what 
had happened. I didn’t know what the 
consequences of calling the police would 
be. I realized that if murder had been 
committed, I would be involved. But 
anyway—I was going to call the police.” 

“But you didn’t?” 

Claire Kent said wretchedly: “I faint¬ 
ed.” 

“What? While driving?” 

“No. I felt it coming—dizziness. I 
was cold as ice. I became afraid I would 
lose control of the car. I swung to the 
curb and stopped the motor—and faint¬ 
ed.” 

“And then?” 

“I—I don’t know how long it was be¬ 
fore I came to. Apparently nobody had 



V2 


Dime Detective Magazine 


seen me. I’d fallen over on the seat. I 
was weak and sick. What I remembered 
seemed like a nightmare. I began to re¬ 
alize that, if murder had been commit¬ 
ted, it would mean front-page notoriety 
of the most sensational, damaging sort. 
It was selfish of me, I admit—but I drove 
home. I didn’t call the police. I couldn’t.” 

“A grave error, I'm afraid, Miss Kent," 
Oakley stated. 

“I know! I made a dreadful mistake, 
but—” she declared it with admirable 
fierceness— “I’m glad of it! Above all, 
I’m going to keep my career. I’ve had 
to fight every inch of the way up—I’m 
going to be a star within a year—and I 
refuse to throw all that away through 
a sense of duty that might do no one 
else any good.” 

“Understandable,” Oakley sympa¬ 
thized. “Certainly quite human. Go on.” 

“I came here. I couldn’t sleep. Those 
|were the most nerve-racking hours I ever 
spent. Because—just after I got home 
—the telephone rang. I took the call in 
this room. It was a man’s voice, a 
Strange voice. It said: ‘Keep quiet! If 
you talk you’ll wreck your career.’ The 
voice was speaking the very thought in 
my mind. ‘If you talk, I’ll kill you!’ 
[That voice meant every word. I’ll kill 
you!’ it warned again—and then it was 
gone.” 

“The man who came here tonight,” 
Oakley suggested, “came perhaps to car¬ 
ry out that threat? To eliminate the pos¬ 
sibility of your talking?” 

“I’m sure of it! I’m half mad with 
all this! You can never know how hor¬ 
rible that night was to me, nor the next 
day—yesterday. I grew more and more 
hfraid as each hour passed, because 
Brooks and Anderson never came back! 

“I tried to get my mind off it last 
tight by going out to the gambling ship. 
I was there when—” 


“Word came over die radio about the 
dead man in the trunk.” 

“Yes! I recognized the description im¬ 
mediately. It was Anderson!" 

“That,” Oakley said, “I suspected.” 

“It was a frightful shock. I was ter¬ 
rified. Seeing you, my first thought was 
to ask your help. I went outside, after 
speaking with you, because I felt faint 
again. I was walking along the deck 
when I saw—coming out of a doorway, to¬ 
ward me, looking at me—the same figure 
I had seen before 1” 

‘The man who had Carried Faith Lee 
from her house, the one you had seen 
in the door of the campus building?” 

“Yes? There was no mistake, no pos¬ 
sible mistake. I recognized that figure, 
standing against the light. I knew that 
he had been following me, watching me. 
I must have cried out without knowing it. 
He came at me—like a madman. I think 
he was infuriated because I’d recognized 
him, because I’d raised a cry. He grap¬ 
pled with me, threw me over the rail.” 

“Yet,” Oakley told her, “you’ve called 
me in and you’re telling me the story.” 

“There’s no other way!” the actress de¬ 
clared. “And you must save me from the 
police!” 

/“VAKLEY looked thoughtful. “Can 
you,” he asked dubiously, “tell a good 
lie and stick to it no matter what hap¬ 
pens?” 

“I’ll do anything!” 

“All right. Here’s your story. You 
left the studio that evening, driven by 
Anderson, in your car, with Brooks ac¬ 
companying you. You were tired after 
a hard day’s work. You had Anderson 
drive you here. You came into the house 
and went to bed. You’re vague about the 
exact time, and your maid must be, too. 
The point is, you came directly here from 
the studio—you didn’t go to Faith Lee’s 
home.” 



Death on Delivery 


73 


“Yes!” 

“Brooks had voiced his concern about 
Miss Lee—this is still your story. You 
had Anderson drive him to Miss Lee’s 
home. Of what happened after that you 
know absolutely nothing whatever.” 

“Yes!” 

“That’s the story you’ve got to stick 
to. No matter how many cops bully you, 
that’s all you know. Your promise to that 
is necessary before I go further with this 
matter." 

“I promise it! I’ll do it!” 

“In that case,” Oakley said, rising, “I’ll 
send you my bill—later.” 

A knock sounded upon the door. Brix¬ 
ey rose, opened it, and the Japanese ser¬ 
vant look in. “Man see Miss Kent,” he 
moilthed. “Name McClane. From head- 
quar’s.” 

“Oh, Lord!” Oakley moaned. 

Claire Kent snatched at Oakley’s hand. 
He thrust a stem finger toward her shape¬ 
ly nose. “Stick to that story! Start tele¬ 
phoning headquarters right now, to tell 
them you’ve just learned that the dead 
body in die trunk is Anderson’s. Let Mc¬ 
Clane interrupt you, but don’t let him 
bulldoze you. If you do—you’re sunk!” 

To the Jap he directed: “Show that 
big ox in.” 

The anxious girl’s eyes followed him 
as he left the bedroom. The man-servant 
was hurrying to the front entrance. Brix- 
ey, dabbing at his injured chin, followed 
Oakley to the side door. They slipped 
out as McClane’s heavy heelbeats started 
up the hallway. 

Oakley hurried to his roadster and 
slipped behind the wheel. He started the 
motor and said: “I’m a damned fool.” 

CHAPTER FOUR 

McClane Blunders In 

rpHE swinging headlamps of Oakley’s 
roadster searched across a velvet 


lawn as he followed the gravel roadway 
over the campus of St. Vincent’s College. 
When he braked to a stop the gleam dis¬ 
closed painted words above a doorway— 
Biological Research. 

“This is it,” Oakley said, as he got out. 

The building was isolated from others 
in which lighted windows shone. Oakley 
went to the bleak door, glanced back, and 
pictured the episode related to him by the 
charming Claire Kent. About the place 
there was a smell of death. 

The door, as he expected, was firmly 
locked. Oakley turned to the windows. 
Each was criss-crossed by heavy iron bars 
set into massive frames. The blinds were 
drawn. Oakley was half around the 
building when he paused at another door. 

The lock on the first entrance had been 
of a formidable flat-key variety, recent¬ 
ly added, but this was an ordinary type. 
Oakley’s slender, L-angled steel pick 
probed into it and slid bade the bolt. With 
Brixey at his side he stepped into dark¬ 
ness tinged with a faint animal odor. 

He flashed his pocket light through sev¬ 
eral doors and saw chairs and black¬ 
boards. These were classrooms and of 
no interest to Oakley. At the end of the 
corridor he found a locked door. Again 
a tumbler mechanism defied him. 

“The lab, is protected like a vault.” 

Nevertheless, he tried his pick. It was 
squeaking in the lock when Brixey said 
suspiciously: "I smell smoke.” 

Oakley straightened. “So do 1.” 

Somewhere outside, a cry sounded. The 
second time it was intelligible—“Fire!” 
Oakley began to move quickly. Long 
strides carried him along the corridor as 
he thrust open swinging doors. 

He stopped short with red light glar¬ 
ing in his face. He was looking into a 
classroom which he had passed by on his 
way to the inner entrance of the research 
laboratory. Flames were leaping among 
chairs piled up in the center of the floor. 



*4 


Dime Detective Magi 


Oiled wood was spreading a carpet of 
fire, and varnish was crackling. 

Oakley sidled out the door through 
which he had come. On the side of the 
building opposite his car flaming red was 
flickering through a window. Across the 
campus dark figures were running. As 
they legged close, the glow disclosed them 
to be coatless, hatless, excited students. 
Dormitory windows were sliding up in 
the buildings beyond and silhouetted 
heads were poking out. 

Oakley slipped past the corner. He 
was in his car and starting up when 
Brixey folded down beside him. The tires 
ground in the gravel as the roadster 
swerved toward the distant gate. 

"We’ll hope,” Oakley observed as he 
twisted into a boulevard, “that none of 
the students sighted us and start trailing 
us. They’ll put that fire out in a jiffy. The 
only damage done is a postponement of 
our burglarious activities. We’re com¬ 
ing back, Archie.” 

A ' BRIGHT desk lamp gleamed in the 
■t*- inner sanctum of Secrets, Incorpor¬ 
ated. Oakley had driven directly to his 
office. Now he had before him numer¬ 
ous reports prepared by the efficient and 
beguiling Charmaine Morris. As Brixey 
slumped in an easy chair, he jig-sawed 
them together. 

Faith Lee— 

Report from Dr. Emanuel Brose, her 
physician—Miss Lee afflicted with angina 
pectoris. Disease unusual under middle age 
and women less vulnerable than men, but 
F. L. had it. Like all angina sufferers she 
faced sudden death at any moment. Hard 
work in studios endangered her life. Some¬ 
times used amyl nitrite pearls on set. 

Report from Stupendous Studio—F. L. 
being paid $2,000 weekly, on long-term con- 

Report from Second National Bank, Bev¬ 
erly Hills—Account in name of Fay Sand- 
well. Frequent checks for large amounts 
written to order of Sidney Sandwell. 


Sidney Sandwell— 

Typical Hollywood father. lived on his 
daughter’s income, loose and extravagant 
Genuinely fond and proud of his daughter, 
but apparently his chief interest in her, the 
money she gave him. No life insurance. Her 
death will leave Sandwell without income, 
hence his anxiety. 

Left Washington University medical 
school, education uncompleted, to marry 
Elizabeth Brenner, a widow with a son Nor¬ 
man. Resents step-son’s success as scientist 
Elizabeth Brenner died two years later. 
Married Ruth Kilgore, daughter Fay by 
her. Mother dead five years. Very poor 
until Fay got footing in movies. 

"Strong financial reasons,” Oakley 
murmured, "for Sandwefl’s wanting his 
daughter to remain safe and prosperous.” 
He turned to the next report 

Dope on cadavers— 

Marks on both corpses identical. Hands 
and feet of Anderson and Brooks severely 
frozen. (This in our balmy climate I) In 
each a large vein in the thigh had been 
opened, apparently after death, for very 
little blood flowed. In each, a needle punc¬ 
ture, unusually large, over heart, piercing to 
right auricle, but this was not cause of 
death. In each case, blows on head suffi¬ 
ciently violent to cause unconsciousness but 
not death. Carbon dioxide content of lungs 
very high; death due to suffocation. Since 
the thigh veins were opened after death, 
suffocation could not have taken place in¬ 
side the trunks, unless the men were put 
into trunks, suffocated, removed, operated 
upon, then returned to trunks. This is un¬ 
likely, since in that case men must have 
been brought to Lee home alive, then killed 
and operations performed there. Indications 
are that both men were murdered in some 
strange fashion elsewhere, then brought to 
Lee home and put into trunks. Both deaths 
occurred night of 10th, exact time uncer¬ 
tain. 

“Archie,” asked Oakley of his assis¬ 
tant, “see if you can get any response 
from Doctor Brenner’s biological labor¬ 
atory at St. Vincent College.” 

Brixey took up the telephone as Oak¬ 
ley unfolded yet another report. 



Death an Delivery 


75 


Dope on trunks— 

Both were in store room of Lee home. 
Servants cannot say when they were brought 
out, hut think it was following dinner on 
the 10th. Property of Norman Brenner. 

At 9:30 P. M. on the 10th the Coast¬ 
wise Trucking Company of Los Angeles re¬ 
ceived a telephone call from a man who said 
he was Dr. Norman Brenner, address that 
of Lee home. He wished a truck to come 
and pick up two .trunks. One was to be 
driven to National Express Company depot 
in Santa Barbara. The other was to he 
taken to freight depot in Hollywood and 
. shipped collect to San Francisco. 

The expressmen called at the Lee home 
next morning. They picked up the trunk 
which was to go to Santa Barbara. It 
stayed m local express office until truck 
left on regtdar run that night. Trunk never 
reached Santa .Barbara because of accident 
on Roosevelt Highway. It was doubtless 
the murderer’s intention to go to Santa Bar¬ 
bara and ship the trunk out of there, to 
confuse tracing it. Accident upset this plan. 

The other trunk, to be taken to Holly¬ 
wood freight office, was not picked up by 
the express truck. Reason: the trunk was 
not crated. Trunks may be shipped as are 
by express, but are not accepted for freight 
shipment unless crated. Killer evidently did 
not know of this regulation. Result: trunk 
containing dead body of Vernon Brooks was 
left at the Lee home. 

Brixey put down the telephone. “No 
answer from the lab,” he asserted. 

“That probably means the fire was put 
out and nobody went into the lab,” Oak¬ 
ley asserted, and took up the report on 
Doctor Brenner. 

No information available concerning Dr. 
Brenner’s experiments. His work has been 
financed with funds' donated by the college 
mid by the C.W.A, Reason for secrecy not 
explained. 

Brenner had indicated his intention of go¬ 
ing away for a few days’ rest, but told no 
one where he was going or when. Accord¬ 
ing to servants at Lee house, left in his 
own car late on evening of 10th, about 
10:30 P. M. Nothing about him in news¬ 
papers. Police are searching for him quiet¬ 
ly, no public alarm issued. 


'“Doctor Brenner’s flight and contin¬ 
ued absence,” said Brixey, “would seem 
to indicate guilt.” 

“We must not forget,” Oakley remind¬ 
ed him, “that we have two purposes in 
this case. One is to locate Faith Lee. The 
other is to save Claire Kent from ruinous 
scandal.” 

T^ROM the outer office came a commo- 
idon (hat straightened Oakley in his 
chair. A voice rumbled, and heavy foot¬ 
falls crossed the carpet purposefully. The 
door flung open and on the sill appeared 
Detective-Lieutenant McClane. Cherry 
Morris, voicing protests, was tugging in¬ 
dignantly at one of his arms, striving to 
keep him out. He ignored her, gnawed 
mi a cigar, glared ominously at Oakley. 

“Call your red-head off!” 

“Stop risking your precious life. Cher¬ 
ry!" Oakley commanded. “McClane, do 
come in. I hope you trip over the rug 
and break your neck.” 

McClane tramped to the desk. “Just 
why,” he demanded, “have you your fan¬ 
cy finger in this murder pie? Talk fast 
and don’t try to kid me!” 

“I?” asked Oakley. “You suspect me 
of so many things, McClane. Some day 
you’ll try to jail me for stealing the Mona 
lisa out of the Louvre.” 

“Come on!” McClane snarled. “You 
had a good reason for being at Kent’s 
place last night. Her story sounds fishy 
enough to make me sure you cooked it 
up for her.” 

“Need you,” Oakley asked, “be so un¬ 
complimentary?” 

“Listen!” McClane’s cigar shifted 
threateningly. “All yesterday, Kent’s 
chauffeur was missing—but she says she 
didn’t know it. That smells 1” 

“Hie young lady was ill in bed all yes¬ 
terday,” Oakley countered, “because of the 
unpremeditated plunge into the Pacific 
which you witnessed the previous night, 



76 


Dime Detective Magazine 


McGane. Naturally, she didn’t use her 
car, naturally she didn’t call upon her 
chauffeur. What could be more reason¬ 
able than her not knowing about him?” 

“So she’s hired you, has she?” Mc¬ 
Gane demanded. “Her chauffeur gets 
killed in a cockeyed way, and she doesn’t 
know anything about it—so why does she 
need a private detective?” 

“To save herself from being trampled 
on by a rhino named McGane,” Oakley 
answered. "There’s no reason for drag¬ 
ging her into the case and ruining her 
career, and I’m going to see that you let 
her alone. There's your answer, if you 
can grasp it.” 

McGane heaved closer. “Just tell me 
something, shamus. If Anderson, the 
chauffeur, drove Brooks from Kent’s 
place to Lee’s house, and never showed up 
again—how come the car he drove is back 
in Kent’s garage right now, and has been 
ever since the murder?” 

Oakley uttered a silent moan. Brixey’s 
monocle dropped and his face flashed 
pale. 

“Well? How come that?” McGane 
demanded. 

Oakley said quietly: “How should I 
know?” 

"You know, all right! Kent’s story 
doesn’t click. If Anderson didn’t drive 
that car back himself—who did? I’ll 
tell you. Somebody who knows what hap¬ 
pened to him! Somebody who’s holding 
out and trying to slide from under. Some¬ 
body who’s mixed right into the middle 
of these killings and trying to play inno¬ 
cent—Kent!” 

Oakley sprang to his feet. “McGane,” 
he snapped, “get the hell out of here be¬ 
fore I bounce you out!” 

McGane blinked. “I’m going, all 
right,” he rumbled. “When I see you 
again, Oakley, I’ll have a warrant for you. 
Wisecrack out of that!” 


/“iAKLEY sat down and mopped his 
^ face. Brixey replaced his monocle, 
which rapidly fogged with the moisture 
oozing from his pores. Cherry Morris 
said with caught breath: "Oh, Oke! You 
fool!” 

"The detail of Miss Kent’s car being 
in her garage,” Brixey exclaimed, “is one 
you jolly well overlooked, Oke!” 

“You’re telling me!” 

Oakley removed from his wallet the 
slip of paper he’d purloined from Faith 
Lee’s bedroom. He gazed at it intently 
and said: “Cherry, you’re coming with 
me. Bring a stenographic notebook and 
plenty of sharp pencils. Archie, hold 
down the fort. We’ve got to move fast 
to keep one jump ahead of McClane, or 
he’ll collar me!” 

"Fool,” Oakley snapped, as he slipped 
behind the wheel of his roadster, "is cor¬ 
rect. It wouldn’t be so bad if McGane 
weren’t dead right!” 

The car shot onto the Boulevard and 
turned swiftly east. 

“Where,” asked Cherry, “are we go¬ 
ing so precipitously?” 

“Straight,” said Oakley, "from the 
frying pan into the fire, no doubt 1” 

CHAPTER FIVE 

Challenge of Death 

/"VAKLEY drove swiftly through sub- 
urbs. Presently he was sending the 
car up a steep, winding road. At the end 
of an hour he approached a neat little 
town sitting at the edge of a sparkling 
mountain lake—Arrowhead. He drew 
into a parking space before an impressive 
stucco hotel at the edge of the water. 

With Cherry Morris at his side, he 
strode into the lobby and of the desk clerk 
he inquired: “This La Hacienda?” 

“Yes.” 

“I want to see your register for the last 



Death on Delivery 


77 


few days, beginning with the night of 
the tenth. 

“We never—” the clerk began to pro¬ 
test, but the crisp crinkle of a twenty- 
dollar bill in his hand, changed his frown 
to an obliging smile. 

Oakley stepped behind the desk, looked 
rapidly through an index of registration 
cards. He lifted one from the B’s, read 
the name of Doctor Norman Brenner and 
said: “Ah !’* The blue time-stamp on the 
card he studied closely. “Doctor Bren¬ 
ner,” he asked, “arrived here at about 
twelve thirty on the night of the tenth?” 

“Yes.*' 

“He's been here ever since?” 

“Yes.** 

“Doing what?” 

“Resting all the time, evidently, except 
for a few swims in the lake and a hike or 
two around it." 

“Is he in or out at the moment?” 

“In.” 

“We’re going up,” Oakley declared, 
“unannounced.” 

They went up to the sixth floor. Oak¬ 
ley knocked at a door, the number of 
which corresponded with that recorded on 
the registration card. It was opened by 
a middle-aged man with a tired face and 
rumpled hair. He was clad in a blue 
bathrobe and red slippers and regarded 
them curiously. 

“Doctor Norman Brenner ?” 

“Yes.” 

“We are coming in,” said Oakley. They 
entered the room of the man for whom 
the Los Angeles police were searching 
at that very moment. Oakley bolted the 
door. 

Doctor Norman Brenner looked 
amazed, then indignant, then troubled. 
“What do you want?” 

“Information,” Oakley said crisply. 
“I’m a private detective. You’ll be wise 
to answer my questions. Need I add that 


the case involves murder and you’re sus¬ 
pected?” 

“What nonsense is this?” Brenner ex¬ 
claimed. 

/'VAKLEY gestured to Cherry, who sat 
■ down, crossed exquisite legs, and 
poised a needle-pointed pencil above her 
stenographer’s notebook. Oakley sig¬ 
naled Brenner to a chair, leaned dose and 
proffered the small slip of paper on which 
the name and location of the hotel was 
written. “Ever see that before?” 

“Yes. It’s my writing.” 

Cherry’s pencil made hieroglyphs in her 
notebook as the words were uttered. 

"You gave that slip to Faith Lee?” 

“Yes. Look here! Why the devil are 
you—” 

“Don’t ask questions!” Oakley snapped. 
“Answer them! You are on what is com¬ 
monly called a spot. Doctor Brenner. 
Very shortly a bull named McClane is go¬ 
ing to grab you, and you’ll find it an un¬ 
pleasant experience. If you want a square 
deal, talk now—tell me where I can find 
Faith Lee, and why you killed two men 
named Brooks and Anderson.” 

Brenner swallowed. "Why, I— I 
don’t know what you’re talking about!” 

“Surely,” Oakley pressed, "you read 
the papers. You know of the deaths of 
Anderson and Brooks—that both bodies 
were found in trunks bearing your ini¬ 
tials.” 

“My trunks? You mean Miss Kent’s 
chauffeur and Faith’s director? Newspa¬ 
pers? I haven’t looked at one since I 
came up here!” 

Oakley sat back. “This,” he opined, 
“is going to be difficult, for you as well 
as for me. I tell you frankly, IVe got 
to turn up a murderer in a hurry in or¬ 
der to save myself from the very unpleas¬ 
ant legal consequences of a rash act. I’m 
going to do it, no matter who gets the 
chair. You’re going to talk 5” 



78 


Dime Detective Magazine 


“Talk? You've startled me so that I 
can hardly think,” Doctor Brenner ex¬ 
claimed in dismay. 

"The less thinking and the more re¬ 
membering you do, the better!” Oakley 
snapped. “Now, answer my questions. 
What time did you leave your home on 
the night of the tenth?” 

“I’m not sure of the exact time. I 
finished work at the lab, drove home, had 
dinner, went to my room and lay down. 
I was very tired, and unintentionally fell 
asleep. When I awoke, I packed, and 
left.” 

"When?” 

"It was past ten.” 

"What you are saying,” Oakley stated, 
"is that you were asleep at the time the 
murders were evidently committed. That, 
I must point out, is no alibi at alL” 

"It’s the truth 1” 

"You drove straight here?” 

“Certainly.” 

"You took an uncommonly long time 
about it.” 

“I'm a very slow and cautious driver.” 

“An ordinary driver would have 
reached here in half the time you took.” 

“Perhaps, but I came directly.” 

“You gave that slip, with the address 
of this hotel on it, to Faith Lee before 
you left?” 

'‘Yes, late that afternoon.” 

"Why?” 

“So she could get in touch with me, 
if necessary.” 

“Where was she when you left the 
house?” 

“In her bedroom, I suppose.” 

“You suppose?” 

“I spoke through the door, to say good¬ 
bye, but there was no answer and I as¬ 
sumed she was sleeping.” 

“You didn’t telephone an express com¬ 
pany? You didn’t go to your laboratory 


on the campus of St Vincent College aft¬ 
er you left the house?” 

"No.” 

/"\AKLEY said firmly: "Doctor Bren-< 
^ ner, I’m forced to the conclusion that 
either you’re entirely innocent of what 
happened, or you’re lying with amazing 
facility.” 

"I’m telling the truth!” 

“You would say so in any case,” Oak¬ 
ley went on relentlessly. "The big point 
is this. The man who committed these 
murders was seen leaving Miss Lee’s 
house, after dark, on the night of the 
tenth, carrying Miss Lee, apparently un¬ 
conscious, in his arms. He drove direct¬ 
ly to your biological laboratory and went 

"That’s impossible!” Doctor Brenner 
blurted. “I’m the only person who has 
keys to that laboratory.” 

"There are no others in existence?” 

“None! I always carry them in my 
vest pocket. Here they are.” He lifted 
two flat keys from his vest pocket, each 
a duplicate of the other. Oakley took 
them. 

“These keys were on your person when 
you lay down after dinner?” 

"Yes.” 

“They were still there when you 
awoke?” 

“Yes.” 

Oakley sighed. “I shouldn’t like to 
face McClane, if I were you, with a story 
as weak as that. Now, listen. I want to 
know the exact nature of your secret ex¬ 
periments in the biological laboratory.” 

“My experiments,” said Doctor Nor¬ 
man Brenner, “are devoted to restoring 
the dead to life.” 

Oakley sat up. Cherry Morris’ pencil 
paused. They glanced at each other, as 
though doubting the man’s sanity. Doctor 
Brenner merely looked at them. 

“You mean to tell me,” Oakley asked 



Death on Delivery 


79 


him, “that a conservative college, and the 
CWA, have advanced funds to you for 
experiments in resurrecting the dead?” 

“I do.” Doctor Brenner’s eyes lighted. 
“It may sound fantastic to you. As a 
matter of fact, there is nothing startling 
about it. I have succeeded several times 
in restoring dead bodies to life.” 

“Humans?” Oakley blurted. 

“No. In my experiments I have used 
dogs, cats and rabbits.” 

Oakley took a breath and said: “Please 
explain." 

“Certainly. I am not the only man 
working on these experiments. You may 
have read of those conducted by Doctor 
Robert Cornish, who was once a mem¬ 
ber of the staff of the University of Cal¬ 
ifornia’s Institute of Experimental Biol¬ 
ogy. He was conducting his experiments 
until recently in a building on the uni¬ 
versity campus. The publicity given his 
work led to his being asked to remove 
himself. I have maintained strict secrecy 
about my own work in order to proceed 
unmolested." 

" Hmmmf’ 

“Doctor Cornish and I both use teeter- 
boards for simulating the circulation of 
blood once the dead heart begins func¬ 
tioning again. A solution—saturated with 
oxygen, containing the heart stimulant 
adrenalin and the liver extract heparin, 
and some blood from which the coagu¬ 
lating substance, fibrin, has been removed 
—is introduced into the circulatory sys¬ 
tem through the thigh vein—” 

“The thigh vein?” Oakley repeated. 

“Yes. Circulation is then restored by 
rocking the dead body on the teeter- 
board, massaging it, and blowing into the 
mouth to stimulate respiration. 

“My experiments,” Doctor Brenner 
continued, “are based on groundwork 
done by Doctor George Washington 
Crile, of Cleveland, thirty years ago, and 
also on experiments conducted at the 


Mayo Clinic in twenty-nine. Doctor Al¬ 
bert Solomon Hyman, of the Witkin 
Foundation for the Study and Preven¬ 
tion of Heart Disease, in Manhattan, de¬ 
veloped another method which I adopt¬ 
ed—that of prodding the dead heart into 
action by electric impulses. In this case 
a resuscitation apparatus called a hyma- 
notor is used. A hollow, gold-plated 
needle is thrust into the right auricle of 
the heart—” 

Oakley swallowed. “What!” 

“And through the bore of the needle 
an insulated electric wire is inserted to 
complete the circuit. A generator sup¬ 
plies the current, and in six cases out of 
ten the heart action starts again, if it 
has not been suspended for more than 
twelve minutes.” 

/"kAKLEY asked pointedly: “And this 
^ method has never been used on hu¬ 
mans?” 

“Doctor Cornish,” said Brenner, “tried 
last year to revive a man who was dead 
five hours of heart disease—using oxy¬ 
gen and the teeterboard, but no injection 
—and failed. I determined not to attempt 
to resurrect humans until the technique of 
bringing lower animals back to life is per¬ 
fected, for an excellent reason—” 

“Which is?” 

“When blood stops flowing through the 
brain for even a short time, a chemical 
change takes place in the brain cells. The 
animals I revived are living in a coma 
as a result of this action. Months or 
years may pass before the mental facili¬ 
ties are completely restored to normal. 
A human revived after an hour of death 
might live an idiot, or go mad, or exist 
in a coma. Until that difficulty can be 
overcome in some way—” 

“You have no associates in your ex- 
perminents?” 

“I have had several, none now. I've 
explained the technique to a number of 



80 


Dime Detective Magazine 


persons, swearing them to secrecy about 
the work. I have personally, of course, 
conducted every experiment in the labor¬ 
atory, and have taken care that no one 
else ever touched my apparatus.” 

“You have,” Oakley insisted, "never 
attempted to resurrect a dead human?” 

“Never. Yet, naturally, I do not in¬ 
tend to devote my life to resurrecting 
dead mongrels. My great aim is to be 
enabled to bring life back to men and 
women who have died of hemorrhage, 
shock, asphyxiation, and heart paralysis. 
Then—” the scientist’s eyes gleamed 
brilliantly— “then I will have achieved 
one of the most astounding miracles of 
modem science 1” 

Oakley studied the intense gleam in the 
doctor’s eyes—and shivered. “One more 
question. Doctor Brenner. Did you kill 
Anderson and Brooks?” 

“Certainly not I” 

“Very well, then. Did you attempt to 
restore them to life after they had been 
killed?” 

“No!” 

Oakley sighed and signaled Cherry 
Morris to transcribe no more of the con¬ 
versation. "Listen to me, Doctor Bren¬ 
ner. I want you to stay here—here, in 
this room, from now on. Don’t go out. 
Don’t telephone. Have your meals brought 
up. Watch yourself. And, in case you’re 
found here by the police—you haven’t 
seen me. Understand that?” 

“Yes, but—” 

“That’s all.” 

Oakley strode out, thrusting into his 
pocket the keys of Doctor Brenner’s lab¬ 
oratory. 

CHAPTER SIX 
Trunk Number Three 

/"\AKLEY stopped his roadster near 
the biological research laboratory on 
the campus of St. Vincent College. Cherry 


accompanied him to the big door. The 
pungent smell of charred wood was in the 
air, but no one was about. After a pre¬ 
cautionary moment of listening, Oakley 
slid a key into the lock. 

White light splashed upon him as an¬ 
other car drew up behind the roadster. 
The long Brixey unfolded from it, and 
walked with another man across gritting 
gravel. “That you, Oke? I started as 
soon as you phoned, got Mr. Sandwell, 
and here we are.” 

Sidney Sandwell asked anxiously: 
"Have you no word from Faith?” 

“None, unfortunately,” Oakley an¬ 
swered, turning the key. “I want you 
here because this is the first real lead we’ve 
found, pointing to what may have hap¬ 
pened to her.” 

Brixey gasped: "Where what?" 

Oakley stepped in and thumbed a light 
switch. Gleaming bulbs glared down 
upon strange apparatus. He noted the 
teeterboard mentioned by Doctor Bren¬ 
ner, bent glass tubes supported by clamps 
on standards, electrical meters, a hand- 
bellows attached to a cup-shaped rubber 
inhalator like a small gas-mask. 

“Observe,” Oakley invited, "the devices 
used to ’bring the dead back to life.” 

His continued tour of the laboratory 
brought him to a huge white enameled 
case in one comer. He opened one door 
and felt stinging cold flow out—cold that 
bit to the very bones of the hand he in¬ 
serted into the interior. In racked test- 
tubes, inside, rested cultures of bacilli 
and jars containing animal tissues in al¬ 
cohol. His eyes glinted as he shut the 
queer refrigerator and went on. 

A door on the opposite side of the lab¬ 
oratory opened into a hallway which con¬ 
nected with adjoining rooms. Oakley, 
leading the procession, discovered two 
wire cages containing mongrels who 
gazed about stupidly, as if drunk. 

“And observe,” Oakley said, “cadavers 



Death on Delivery 


81 


returned to life by the magic of science.” 

Gazing intently at Sidney Sandwell, he 
asked, “Have you ever had reason to 
doubt your step-son’s sanity?” 

“That—that’s a most difficult question 
to answer 1” 

“Would you,” Oakley pressed, “con¬ 
sider him capable of deliberately killing 
humans in order to provide himself with 
specimens for his experiments in resur¬ 
rection ?” 

“Good God!” Sandwell blurted. “You 
can’t suspect him of that!” 

"I,” Oakley retorted, “can suspect any¬ 
one of anything without half trying. I 
asked you that last question because it 
seems very likely, though not certain, that 
Doctor Brenner has done exactly that.” 

“Killed—killed humans in order to re¬ 
vive them ?” 

/"VAKLEY’S eyes glittered. “Think 
about it! For years Doctor Brenner 
has worked on these secret experiments. 
He has successfully revived lower ani¬ 
mals. His technique may be advanced 
farther than he admits. His great aim 
has been to perfect it so that in certain 
cases humans may be revived from death. 
For his most important experiments he 
would need human subjects, would he 
not?” 

“Corpses,” Oakley continued, while 
Brixey stared and Cherry Morris shud¬ 
dered, “not too long dead. Dead, in fact, 
only a few minutes. Obviously, such 
cadavers are rarely available for scientific 
experiments. The only solution of the 
problem of supply is— Doctor Brenner 
must make his own corpses. 

“See the logic of it!” Oakley went on 
firmly. “Assume that Brenner’s tech¬ 
nique is perfected, that human subjects 
are necessary, that they must be newly 
dead. He would reason that, if the dead 
is returned to life immediately, killing a 
subject is not murder. If he conducted 


his ghastly experiment on someone to 
whom he was dear, he cotild enlist that 
person’s promise of secrecy after the res¬ 
urrection, and so escape all legal conse¬ 
quences.” 

“You mean—Faith!” Sandwell ejacu¬ 
lated hoarsely. “You think he did that 
horrible thing to her!” 

“But, I say, Oke!” Brixey protested. 
“That leaves out Anderson and Brooks 
completely!” 

“Not,” Oakley answered, “if they 
threatened to interrupt the experiment 
when every moment was precious, not if 
they had to be put out of the way in or¬ 
der for it to proceed.” 

"God!” Sandwell exclaimed again. 
"Those marks on the bodies of Anderson 
and Brooks—the fact that they were not 
clothed—Norman showed me several 
times the incisions he made, the needle 
he used—Good heavens, the man must 
be stark mad!” 

"And in that case,” Oakley went on 
grimly, “Miss Faith Lee—” 

Heavy steps, gritting in the gravel out¬ 
side, interrupted. Hard knuckles beat 
the door. The knob rattled and a voice 
howled through: “Open up!” 

Oakley moaned as the fists slammed 
at the panels again. He said, resigned¬ 
ly : “Open the door, Archie, before it 
bursts into splinters. It’s our pal. Lieu¬ 
tenant McClane.” 

“Open up!” McClane’s voice bellowed 
again. “I know you’re in there, Oakley!” 

Cherry Morris looked terrified as Brix-> 
ey drew the latch of the door and was 
overwhelmed by the lumbering entrance 
of the big plaindothesman. A uniformed 
squad-car man followed him in. 

McClane charged at Oakley, and ex¬ 
ploded: “How’d you get in here?” 

Oakley sighed. “With keys, McClane.” 

“Where’d you get those keys ?” 

■*T decline to answer,” Oakley said. “On 
the ground that it might incriminate me.” 



82 


Dime Detective Magazine 


"You can keep your trap shut and 
you’re still plenty incriminated!" Mc- 
Gane stormed. “Only one guy had keys 
lo this lab, and that’s Brenner. You got 
’em from him. You know where he is. 
That’s one more count against you. Oak¬ 
ley, you’re under arrest!” 

“I can find no flaw in your logic, Mc- 
Gane,” Oakley retorted. “But logic 
isn’t a warrant.” 

“This is!” 

McClane flipped a folded document be¬ 
neath Oakley’s nose. Cherry Morris low¬ 
ered herself into a chair. Brixey scowled 
and stepped forward pugnaciously. Oak¬ 
ley inspected the warrant. 

“Very well,” he sighed. “I’m under 
arrest. You’ve got me, McClane.” 

“Ho!” boomed McClane triumphantly. 
“All right, wiseacre. Where’s Brenner?” 

“That,” Oakley countered, “Ill keep to 
myself a while. I don’t want him swooped 
down upon by a horde of your carnivor¬ 
ous cops. In the interests of my client, 
I must talk with him. Ill send Archie." 

“You will not! All three of you are 
under arrest! You’re all going to stick 
with me! How do you like that?” 

“Not at all.” Oaldey’s eyes grew dan¬ 
gerously bright “Don’t get ugly, Mc- 
Gane. And don’t be a fool. You want a 
murderer. Play ball with me and you’ll 
get him.” 

M cCLANE frowned suspiciously. 

“Your word of honor, that you’ll 
bring Brenner right here—right now? Ill 
take a chance on that—hoping you don’t 
keep your promise. Because if you don’t, 
.we’ll get Brenner anyway, and that'll be 
ane more charge against yon.” 

Grimly Oakley took the arm of Sidney 
Sandwell, and drew the man aside. He 
ipoke softly, so that the glaring McClane 
jould not hear. “You’ll find Brenner at 
La Hacienda at Arrowhead. Drive up 
there as fast as you can go, get him, and 
bring him right back.” 


“Yes!” said Sandwell. “Yes!” 

Oakley conducted him to the door. The 
second car outside spurted away, Sand¬ 
well in it, as McGane tugged Oakley back. 
He demanded the keys of the lab and got 
them. Oakley gestured him aside, went to 
the telephone in the comer and called 
long distance. He asked for a connection 
with La Hacienda at Arrowhead. 

“Connect me with Doctor Brenner,” he 
requested of the hotel operator. 

“I’m sorry, sir. Doctor Brenner is no 
longer here. He checked out a little while 
ago.” 

Oakley swallowed. He pushed the phone 
away, peered at McClane and asked: “If, 
by any chance, I don’t produce Doctor 
Brenner?” 

“It’ll be just too bad for you, shamus! 
Because we’ve got all the dope we need 
on Brenner—see? I made the president 
of this college talk. I know what the 
marks on those bodies mean. Which,” 
McClane added ominously, “will make it 
just that much tougher for you if Bren¬ 
ner doesn’t show up!” 

“I can see that” Oakley stepped closer. 
“McClane, I came here for a reason. I 
want proof of the murderer as much as 
you do—in fact, far more. I’m going to 
get it. Howl all you damned please, but 
I'm going to search this building from 
top to bottom.” 

He morosely signaled Brixey and 
Cherry Morris to follow, went into the 
connecting hallway, to the door opening 
into the lower room. McClane and the 
squad-car cop tramped after them as they 
went down the steps. Oakley searched 
for a light switch. He found one, clicked 
it, but no light came. 

“Bulb must be burned out,” he said. 
“Got a torch?” 

A flashlight in the hand of the patrol¬ 
man shot a beam ahead. Oakley stepped 
into a cement-walled, windowless, under- 



Death on Delivery 


83 


ground room. The beam of the torch 
showed heavy racks loaded with discarded 
apparatus, bundled records—and a single 
large trunk. 

Oakley paused peering at the trunk. 

McGane said, "Hello!” and tramped 
to it. A solid thump sounded. McClane 
looked around curiously. 

Brixey gestured. “It came from up 
there.” Cherry Morris added: “Some¬ 
body at the door.” McClane grunted 
“Huh!” and Oakley trod to the base of the 
steps. 

“The door,” he said, “is closed.” 

/"\AKLEY climbed the flight, pushed at 
the door, looked startled, and pushed 
again. It was set immovably in its frame. 
He stooped, squinted through the keyhole, 
and saw a key being withdrawn. It van¬ 
ished. 

“It’s not only closed,” he said quietly, 
straightening. “It’s locked. Somebody’s 
shut us in here.” 

McGane tramped up, shouldered 
against the door and paused, hearing quick 
footfalls on the floor beyond. Someone, 
it was evident, was moving about the 
laboratory. McGane beat his fists on the 
panels and bellowed: “Let us out! Open 
this door!” 

The answer was silence. 

They went back down. The torchlight 
sought out a wooden box in one corner, 
disclosing inside it odds and ends—an old 
tire-pump, a pair of pliers, a hank of in¬ 
sulated wire, and a flat tool for removing 
automobile shoes from wheel rims. 

“That,” Oakley said, “might do it.” 

McClane thrust the implement toward 
the man with the torch. “Get busy, Fisher! 
Break the bolt on that door. I’m going—” 

A soft grinding sound silenced him. It 
was coming from above. The torch in 
Fisher’s hand swung upward to joists and 


floor-boards. The cutting noise vibrated 
through the wood. Then, in the gleam o! 
light, a point of metal shone as it pierced. 

“What the hell?” McGane blurted. 

“A bit,” Oakley said. 

“Hey!” McGane bellowed upward. 
“Let us out of here! Open that door!” 

“I suspect,” Oakley said, “your noise 
is quite useless.” 

Again, as he spoke, the sharp point spi¬ 
raled through the wood; again the bit 
pushed through and was withdrawn. 
Without a moment’s delay the grinding 
sound came once more. 

McClane’s police positive flashed in the 
light and raised. Oakley’s hand gripped 
it. "Bullets won’t drive that roan back to 
unlock that door,” he pointed out, “and 
they might wipe out the possibility of a 
very necessary confession.” 

A third time the bit pierced 

“Standing and staring will do us no 
good,” Oakley stated. “That trunk inter¬ 
ests me.” 

He strode to it. McGane grunted again 
and shoved him aside. The big detective 
stooped to pull it away from the wall: 
it was heavy. He snatched thr ore-iron 
from Fisher’s hand and tackled the closed 
lock. While metal squeaked under the 
levered power of McGane’s huge muscles, 
the revolving bit again drove through the 
ceiling, at a point a foot removed from 
the first row of three holes. 

Oakley watched McGane as Qierry 
Morris’ hand stole into his. Brixey ad¬ 
justed his monocle. McGane heaved, 
broke the lock, and quickly unclasped the 
fasteners. The lid swung up. The light 
of the torch probed deep into the trunk. 

An involuntary gasp came irons Mc¬ 
Gane. Oakley’s eyes narrowed. 

Gad only in a pink slip, her bare knees 
drawn up—dead, obviously dead—lay the 
body of a beautiful girl. 

“Too bad,” Oakley said softly. 

Lee.” 



84 


Dime Defective Magazine 


CHAPTER SEVEN 

The White Doom 

Tl/TcCLANE snapped erect. “By God, 
that clinches it! Right here beneath 
the lab! Look at those marks on her. A 
cut on the thigh, the same as the others! 
Fisher, get at that door! Crack it open!” 

For a moment there was no sound save 
the quickened breathing of those around 
the trunk, then Fisher bounded up the 
stairs with the tire-iron. From the door 
came the sharp creaking of metal as Fisher 
pried the tool. 

“Notice,” said Oakley quietly, “that the 
Condition of this corpse is not quite the 
same as the two others. The hands and 
feet of this girl show no signs of having 
been frozen.” 

“What of it?” McClane demanded. 
“She’s dead—murdered! Brenner killed 
her! What the double hell is going cm up 
there?” 

The light was now in McClane’s hand; 
he swung it toward the ceiling as a fast, 
rasping sound echoed in the cellar. The 
bit had rapidly bored out a square pat¬ 
tern. Now the thin blade of a saw was 
biting from one cluster of holes toward 
another. 

McClane blurted: "I’ll get that door 
open!” 

He legged up the steps, shouldered 
Fisher aside and tackled the crack of the 
door with the sharp-pointed tod. The edge 
was scarred and dented, but the frame had 
not budged. Oakley watched the saw cut¬ 
ting through a third side of the square, 
and closed the lid of the trunk. 

“Murder?” he murmured. “In this 
case, perhaps not” 

“Oke, I don’t care how many murders 
have been Committed, or who did them!” 
Cherry Morris blurted. “McClane’s got 
you—he’s going to take a fiendish delight 
in destroying you.” 


Oakley seemed not to hear. “Perhaps,” 
he repeated thoughtfully, "not murder.. 

A crash sounded above. A section of 
flooring, less than a foot square, split 
downward and fell into the darkness. A 
shoe was visible, rapidly withdrawing. 
Then swiftly, something white and solid 
tumbled through the opening and thumped 
to the cement below. 

“What the devil is that?” Brixey ex¬ 
claimed. 

McClane lumbered down the steps and 
stared. His light played upon the block 
of white. It was colorless as snow; white 
fumes were drifting from it, flowing vis- 
cidly over the floor. 

He ducked away as another block of 
white spilled down from the opening. 
Spattering fragments flew from it as it 
struck. Through the aperture a third and 
fourth block tumbled—a fifth, a sixth. 
Then quickly, the opening in the floor 
was covered. 

“What in hell is that stuff?” McClane 
blurted. 

“Nothing so strange,” Oakley answered 
quickly. “Archie, a lift! Make it snappy!” 

There came the sound of something 
heavy being rolled on casters to a point di¬ 
rectly above. It stopped suddenly. 

Oakley spun Brixey to a position be¬ 
neath the now covered hole. He eeled him¬ 
self to Brixey’s shoulders, reached for 
the linoleum that had been drawn above 
the hole, and pushed hard. It bulged an 
inch and met a heavy obstruction. He 
dropped breathless, snatched the torch 
from McClane’s hand, and turned it upon 
the fuming bricks. 

“Dry ice,” he said. 

“You mean the stuff that’s used to pack 
ice cream?” McClane demanded. “What 
the devil was it thrown down here for ?” 

“For the purpose,” Oakley said, “of 
murder. We may now stand back and con¬ 
template death by suffocation—all of us.” 

“Oke!” Cherry Morris cried. 



Death on Delivery 


85 


“This is no time for wise cracks!’’ Mc- 
Clane stormed. “How can that stuff kill 
us? And if it can—” 

Footfalls were moving rapidly across 
the floor above. A click sounded, as if 
the laboratory lights had been switched 
out. Then silence. 

“The man up there,” Oakley said 
quietly, “is our murderer.” 

TI/TcCLANE whirled. "Keep at that 
door Fisher! Burst that lock!” and 
as the staring squad-car man whirled up 
the steps: “What’re you talking about— 
suffocation? That stuff—” 

“Dry ice,” Oakley explained, staring at 
the fuming white blocks, “is solidified car¬ 
bon dioxide. Carbon dioxide will not 
support life. You see it now turning from 
solid to gas. The gas given off is many 
times the volume of the solid. There’s 
enough of that stuff here to fill this en¬ 
tire cellar—and no way of getting either 
ourselves or it out, except possibly—” 

“Is that straight ?” McClane swallowed. 

“Watch!” said Oakley. He brought his 
cigarette lighter from his pocket and 
flicked it to flame. Then he lowered it to 
the floor and slowly brought it close to a 
fuming block. The flame blinked out. 
“Breathing that stuff will put us out not 
quite so quickly, but just as effectively.” 

Cherry Morris was standing with parted 
lips, watching Oakley’s grim face. Mc¬ 
Clane turned a shade paler. “You mean 
to say,” he blurted, “that that gas is going 
to keep coming off—that there’s no way 
to stop it—and it’ll choke us to death?” 

“Exactly,” Oakley answered, “as it 
choked Anderson and Brooks to death. 
This room is air-tight. Very shortly 
we’ll begin to suffocate—if we don’t get 
out of here.” 

McClane peered grimly at the ceiling 
and pointed his gun. “I’U get that guy!” 

“Which won’t help us a particle. News¬ 
papers might,” Oakley suggested. “Cloth 
—anything. Look around!” He snatched 


the light from McClane and swung the 
beam upon the shelves, found one of the 
bundles of records to be thickly packed 
blueprints. He whipped the paper out, 
approached one of the steaming blocks. 

"Don’t touch the stuff with bare hands,” 
he warned. “Its temperature is a hundred 
and nine degrees below zero, centigrade. 
It’ll freeze your fingers in a flash.” 

“That’s what happened to the feet and 
hands of Anderson and Brooks, then!” 
McClane blurted. 

“But not,” Oakley 6aid, rising, “to 
Miss Lee.” 

Protecting his hands by the thick pa¬ 
per, he held one of the fuming white 
blocks. Quickly he carried it up the steps. 
Fisher was prying frantically at the solid 
door, sweating, mumbling curses. Oak¬ 
ley shouldered him aside, and pressed the 
white block hard against the door under 
the knob. 

The air was thickening. The fuming 
block in Oakley’s paper-covered hands 
was growing perceptibly smaller, its cor¬ 
ners blunting, as it dimished. The intense 
cold bit through the paper into his fingers, 
but he continued to press the block hard 
against the metal. 

“Get the hell away, Oakley!” McClane 
snapped. “We’ve got to break out of 
here!” 

“We’ll never get out of here using that 
tire-iron alone,” Oakley answered grimly. 
"Perhaps you know, McClane, but prob¬ 
ably you don’t, that intense cold makes 
metal brittle. When the bolt of the lock 
gets thoroughly chilled—who can tell ? In 
the meantime, everybody stay on the 
steps. The gas is coming up like water.” 

Charmaine Morris was breathing heav¬ 
ily. Brixey looked anguished. Listening, 
Oakley heard footfalls again through the 
floor; someone was moving about the 
laboratory. He said: “Hold that tire- 
iron ready for some quick work—but 
we’ve got to wait a little longer.” 



86 


Dime Detective Magazine 


“God—that stuff!” McOane choked. 

Oakley pressed harder, fingers numbed. 
“Our man,” he said, “is waiting to make 
sure no one comes to liberate us before 
the gas lays us low. He got the stuff from 
the germ-culture refrigerator in the lab 
just as he did when he killed Anderson 
and Brooks,” 

McClane gasped: “Hurry it up!” 

/“kAKLEY smiled wryly. “Does it mean 
anything to you, McClane, that no 
part of Faith Lee’s body was frozen, as 
the others were, by this damnably odd 
stuff? Does it mean anything to you that 
there is no blueness on her skin?” 

McClane blurted: “Let me get at that 
door!” 

“Trying to break out before the bolt 
becomes brittle would be a waste of time,” 
Oakley pointed out dryly. 

Clustered on the stairs, the five breathed 
laboriously. The atmosphere was taking 
on a heavy deadliness. Foggy white 
fumes floated higher above the floor; mist 
streamed from the block clamped against 
the door by Oakley’s numbed hands. 

“Those details about Miss Lee,” Oak¬ 
ley’s voice came quietly, “mean that she 
was not murdered, and that she did not 
die of asphyxiation.” 

“Never mind that now!” 

“She died,” Oakley persisted, “of sim¬ 
ple heart failure. All the facts point to it 
—no clothes missing from her home, for 
instance. An autopsy will prove it. Fol¬ 
low it through, McClane. There’s only 
one possible explanation.” 

“You tell me!” McClane sneered, 
“while I choke to death!” 

“I’ll tell you,” Oakley answered levelly, 
“while you gamble on the only chance 
you’ve got of living. The man who later 
killed Anderson and Brooks brought 
faith Lee here in a desperate attempt to 
tesurrect her.” 


“Brenner, sure! Stark crazy and grab¬ 
bing at a chance to experiment!” 

Oakley continued imperturbably: “That 
man was seen carrying the girl out of 
Miss Lee’s home by Anderson and 
Brooks. They followed him here. He 
was in the laboratory, preparing to resur¬ 
rect the girl, when they interrupted. Pic¬ 
ture it! A man frantically anxious to re¬ 
store a dead girl to life, faced with intol¬ 
erable delay at the hands of men who 
could not understand what he was doing.” 

McClane’s chest was heaving heavily, 
but he was listening. 

“Every second was precious. There 
was no time to argue. The desperate man 
solved the situation by knocking Brooks 
and Anderson out. Then free of inter¬ 
ruptions, he made the attempt to resur¬ 
rect the dead girl. But he failed.” 

“For God’s sake, we’ve got to get that 
door open!” Fisher coughed. 

“In a moment. . . That man had not 
killed Miss Lee, but he realized that re¬ 
moving and mutilating her body would 
mean grave consequences. In order to 
save himself he had to eliminate the two 
witnesses to his deed. He dragged Ander¬ 
son and Brooks into the closets, tossed 
chunks of dry ice in with them, and closed 
them in. They were lying on the floor; 
the stuff froze parts of their bodies and 
suffocated them.” 

"The door, Oke!” Brixey urged. 

Oakley persisted grimly. “He then 
found it necessary to dispose of the bod¬ 
ies. He hid Miss Lee in the trunk down 
here. There being no other way. he car¬ 
ried the bodies of Anderson and Brooks 
to the Lee home and put them in the other 
trunks. The rest—” 

Oakley stepped back with a gasp. He 
dropped the diminished chunk of dry ice, 
and it fell splitting on the cement below. 
“The tire-iron!” He pried its point deep 
into the crack and bore back. McClane 



Death on Delivery 


87 , 


grabbed his wrists and added poundage to 
the pull. 

In the laboratory quick steps sounded. 
Heels beat across the floor and stopped as 
the gritting of tires in the gravel outside 
carried faintly through the chilled door. 
Again there were footfalls and the click 
of a light switch. 

Crackl Brittle metal snapped. Oakley 
heaved out the door. McClane charged 
past him, slammed into the laboratory and 
pulled out his gun. Oakley came close be¬ 
hind to see the weapon leveled at the mid¬ 
dle of a frightened, pale, cowed man of 
middle age—Doctor Norman Brenner. 

“Got you!” McClane roared. 

/~\AKLEY glanced once to see that 
Cherry Morris was safe, and signaled 
Brixey to the outer door. He ignored 
McClane’s bellow and stepped between 
the gun and Brenner. 

“I told you to stay at Arrowhead!” 

“I—I couldn’t!” the scientist protested. 
“When I realized my position fully, I 
couldn’t let myself remain a fugitive. I’ve 
come back because I’m not afraid of fac¬ 
ing this charge. I’m innocent.” 

“Tell that,” McClane growled, “to the 
jury! They won’t believe it any more 
than I do!” 

Oakley turned. “When you hear it, 
McClane, you’ll decide that Brenner’s 
alibi is one of the weakest you ever heard. 
It’s so absolutely weak I believed it im¬ 
plicitly.” 

“You what?” 

“I believe the man,” Oakley insisted. 
“He’s not our murderer.” 

He left McClane staring incredulously, 
and circled the room, gazing at the floor. 
Bits of sawdust were sprinkled over it, 
carried by the feet of the man who had 
cut the hole through the floor. Oakley 
paused outside a closet door, listened in¬ 
tently, and turned his back to it. 

“You’re screwy!” McClane declared. 


“This guy came here and tried to suffo¬ 
cate us to death and you think maybe he 
was just having a little fun!” 

Doctor Brenner faltered: “I—I stepped 
into this laboratory only a moment ago. I 
know nothing—” 

“Aw, nuts!” McClane snarled. 

“Wait, McClane!” Oakley interrupted. 
“Doctor Brenner, I have a question. 
Would you, under any circumstances, 
even if the deceased were very dear to 
you, attempt at the present stage of your 
experiments to resurrect a human being ?’ 

“Certainly not!” the scientist exclaimed. 
“I’ve already told you why! The effect on 
the brain cells—” 

“It’s no good, McClane,” Oakley de¬ 
clared. “He didn’t do it.” 

“Then who did?” 

"The gentleman who was prevented 
from leaving this laboratory by Doctor 
Brenner’s entrance a moment ago,” Oak¬ 
ley answered. “The gentleman hiding in 
this closet!” 

He whirled, snatching at the knob of 
the door behind him, flashing it open. In¬ 
stantly swift movement came out. The 
heavy base of a Bunsen-bumer stand, 
gripped by its upright, slashed at Oak¬ 
ley’s head. He ducked aside, his up- 
thrown arm numbed by the savage blow, 
as a dark figure leaped past. 

“Grab him, Archie!” 

Brixey’s long frame dived at the man 
dashing toward the outer door. His lean 
arms encircled the man’s waist. Oakley, 
spinning again, grabbed the burner stand 
and jerked it out of a desperately clenched 
hand. He clicked hard knuckles to the 
point of a lifted chin. A groan sounded, 
and Brixey found himself supporting a 
sagging form. 

/~VAKLEY grabbed the captive, slung 
^ him into a chair, whipped out an au¬ 
tomatic, and said: “We’ve met Mr. Sand- 
well before, I believe.” 



Dime Detective Magazii 


Sidney Sandwell crouched, gripping the 
chair, glaring up at Oakley. 

“So you didn’t go after Brenner?” the 
investigator asked breathlessly. ‘‘You 
were afraid of what we might learn here. 
Just as you were when you attempted to 
set fire to the place to destroy evidence 
and get us away. You stayed and watched, 
you trapped us in the cellar and tried—■” 

“You can’t prove that 1” Sandwell 
gasped. 

“On the contrary,” Oakley asserted, 
while McClane stared and Brixey blocked 
the way to the door. “Your fingers look 
burned. Actually they’re frost-bitten by 
the dry ice you heaved down on us. You 
tracked sawdust from the ice packing into 
the closet when you hid.” 

He grabbed SandwelTs ankle, swung 
the foot upward, peeled down the trouser 
cuff—and more bits of fresh sawdust 
sifted out. 

McClane said: “For God’s sake, Oak¬ 
ley!” 

“Fill out the picture yourself—you’ll 
get a confession from him," Oakley prom¬ 
ised. “He’ll tell you that he saw Faith 
Lee die of a heart attack. He’ll tell you 
he made a desperate attempt to revive her 
—made it himself because he knew Doc¬ 
tor Brenner would refuse to do it. He’d 
had medical training. He’s already ad¬ 
mitted to me he saw the technique of 
resurrection demonstrated to him. 

“He’ll tell you he took the keys of this 
lab out of the doctor’s pocket while Bren¬ 
ner was sleeping, and later returned them. 
He’ll tell you he marked the corpses of 
'Anderson and Brooks in order to throw 
suspicion on Brenner. He’ll—•” 

Sandwell snarled: "I wasn’t even in 
town that night! I was in Yuma—I tele¬ 
phoned you from there! I can prove it!” 

“True,” Oakley admitted, “but you left 
for Yuma, immediately after putting the 
two bodies in the trunks, as part of a plan 
to establish an alibi. You used me as a 


tool toward that end. It’s no use, Sand¬ 
well—you’re got!” 

Defiance flared in Sandwell’s eyes—de¬ 
fiance already fading before the inevita¬ 
bility of established guilt. McClane fast¬ 
ened heavy hands upon him, and he 
winced. Oakley pocketed his automatic. 

“A queer thing, McClane. Sandwell’s 
one dominating purpose at the beginning 
was quite the opposite of murder—it was 
to bring a dead body back to life. Why 
was he so desperate to do it? Because his 
living daughter meant big money to him; 
his dead daughter meant poverty. I leave 
him to you.” 

McClane blinked amazement. 

“If there’s another point still worrying 
you, about Anderson’s car being in Miss 
Kent’s garage, McClane,” Oakley added, 
“that’s very simple. The murderer used 
it when he disposed of the bodies, left it 
in the garage where it belonged, and re¬ 
turned to his own. He may deny it, but 
that’s the only way it could have hap¬ 
pened, you see, because only Anderson 
and Brooks were witnesses to the episode 
of the attempted resurrection that night.” 

McClane gulped. "I guess so! That 
doesn’t matter now anyway 1” 

Smiling, Oakley removed from his 
pocket a yellow slip of paper and pushed 
it into Sandwell’s hands. “That,” he said, 
“is the check you gave me.” 

He slipped a folded document from 
McClane’s coat pocket, tore it to bits, 
tossed them away. “That,” he said, “is 
your warrant. McClane, I bid you good¬ 
night. Come, Cherry. Come Archie.” 

McClane gaped as they walked out. 

Oakley slid behind the wheel of his 
roadster. Brixey angled down at the far 
side and meditatively adjusted his mon¬ 
ocle. Charmaine Morris nestled between 
them, her arm curled through Oakley’s. 

“Cherry, darling,” he sighed content¬ 
edly, “make a note to send Claire Kent a 
bill for five thousand dollars in the morn¬ 
ing.” 




RACE RACKET 


by 

Russ Meservey 

The greyhounds were whimpering in their kennels that afternoon, for 
a dog and his handler had died in the gamblers' paradise that bordered 
the Flagler Track. Died fust in time to turn a fifty-grand, three-race 
wager into a murder bet! 


N ICK SLATE'S lean, Florida tan¬ 
ned-face bore a pleasant wistful 
smile. He placed his hand on the 
dog in the stall and spoke softly. “Well, 
Tinpan, you gonna fetch that sharp nose 
of you, n first tonight? You gonna win 
for Mr. Jackwall, that gambler, again?” 


The greyhound whimpered, nuzzled the 
cage-door wire with a nose that was hot 
against Slate’s scrawny fingers. One of 
the Flagler Street track attendants came 
into the dog house with another hound. 
The dog was barking, but the barking 
stopped, became a low whimper like Tin- 
89 



90 


Dime Detective Magazine 


pan’s as they entered. As the door opened 
and shut, Slate could see Harry Jackwall’s 
well built figure hurrying away. Jackwall 
had been loitering outside when Slate had 
entered. 

“Evenin’, Nick,” the red-coated attend¬ 
ant called and put the greyhound in a stall. 

“Evenin’, Joe,” Slate answered. “Say, 
what’s makin’ these hounds whine, Joe? 
They act nervous an’ scared.” 

“You-all quit that whimperin’. Fly¬ 
back,” Joe said to the dog and closed the 
stall gate, locking it. “Don’t know, Nick, 
lest it’s a storm comin’up. That whimpers 
’em sometimes.” He came along the line 
of stalls toward Slate, looking into the 
cages. “Pooches ain’t all in yet, Nick. 
What time is—” 

He stopped three stalls from Nick 
Slate, finished the “—it?” with a sharply 
indrawn breath, bent down quickly and 
cried in a strangled voice, “Good God, 
look! Nick! Look!” 

Nick Slate took two long strides, stood 
crouched, staring into the stall. The wist¬ 
ful smile faded from his lean face. 

“God!” Joe exclaimed. “He’s—dead!” 

Inside the wall stall, jammed into the 
dog-sized cage, the twisted body of a 
small man knelt, head toward the door, as 
though in prayer. The handle of a knife- 
hilt-deep between his narrow shoulders, 
made a brown bulls-eye in a drying circle 
of red staining the faded denim shirt. 

Slate stopped shaking the door. He 
growled: “Who owns the dog that’s sup¬ 
posed to be in this stall, Joe?” 

“Number Seven,” Joe answered grimly. 
“Fellow named Owen. He’s a new owner 
from St. Petersburg.” 

Slate got up from his crouched posi¬ 
tion, glanced keenly around the half¬ 
gloom of the dog house. “Charles Owen,” 
he said to Joe in a low voice. “I saw his 
name on the board. Never raced at Miami 
before that I know of, but his hound’s 
supposed to have a record in the quarter 


mile. Fu Manchu’s the pup’s name.” Slate 
spoke as though reciting a lesson he had 
learned, but his eyes kept darting up and 
down the length of the building. 

TTHE dog stalls lined both sides of the 
1 house in two tiers. The dead man was 
in a lower stall. The steel mesh over the 
door frames covered an area about two 
feet high and one foot wide, and was too 
closely woven to permit a hand being 
reached inside. The rest of the stalls were 
of solid wood, with an automatic spring 
lock on each door. 

“Get this Charley Owen,” Nick di¬ 
rected tersely. "And Richardson, the 
track manager. Bring ’em here, and a 
cop, too, but don’t talk to anybody else, 
Joe. The first race starts in about fifty 
minutes, an’ this’ll have to be cleaned 
up before then or th’ dogs won’t run. 
Tell Sam Wren to keep people out of 
here. Hold the pups outside.” 

“O. K., Nick,” Joe agreed quickly. 

The Flagler Street track detective 
studied the floor of the dog house near 
the death stall. There were no bloodstains. 
Either the dead man had been hit on the 
head and stabbed to death after he had 
been jammed into the dog stall, or he 
had been murdered somewhere outside 
and carried in. There was no telling until 
his identity was discovered. Slate had no 
key to the locked stall. 

The greyhounds in the other stalls con¬ 
tinued their whimpering. A dog barked 
outside. Slate stood with his back against 
the door of Stall 7, leaned there, blocking 
a view of the grisly sight behind him, 
watching the entrance to the kennels. 

Another red-coated handler came in 
with a white hound, and behind him a 
short, fat man with a reddish, round face 
entered, puffing. 

“Joe says you wanted to see Mr. Owen, 
Nick,” the handler called. “I’ve got to 
park this pooch in here for the first race.” 



Race Racket 


91 


“I’m Charley Owen,” the short, fat man 
stated. “How’s my dog?” He eyed Slate 
as he advanced. “You’re not a handler, 
are you. I guess you must be an owner. 
I know dogs, mister. I’ve got fifteen of 
the fastest racers in Florida. Wait until 
you see my Fu Manchu run 1” 

“I’m Nick Slate,” Slate said curtly. 
“Track detective.” He made no move to 
move away from in front of Stall 7. “Did 
you bring your dog in here yourself, or 
did somebody else—” 

“Hell, no!” Owen scoffed with a wide 
grin. “I’m no small-timer. I’ve got fifteen 
pooches, I’m telling you.” He looked 
around, called: “Hey, you. Ribs! Ribs! 
Where’n hell’s Ribs gone now? Damn 
it, I told him not to leave Fu alone. Not 
for a minute!" 

Slate asked: “Ever hear hounds whim¬ 
per like these dogs are now, Mr. Owen?” 

“I don’t worry about other peoples’ 
dogs,” the fat man said. He came close 
to Slate. “Get away from that kennel 
door, feller. You’re shutting air out from 
my racer. I know some of those tricks 
myself. You can’t fool me. And you 
don’t hear Fu whimpering!” 

“No-oo,” Slate agreed softly and step¬ 
ped away from the stall door. 

Owen took keys from his pocket, squat¬ 
ted, a key poised in front of the lock of 
Stall 7. He said, “Now, Fu,” with a 
throaty chuckle. “Now—” and went sud¬ 
denly to his knees, began swearing. 

“All right,” Slate ordered. “Unlock the 
door and we’ll both see how dead he is 1” 
Pivoting on his knees, the fat man 
cried: “You—killed him! By God! 
You—” His right hand dove into his 
hip pocket, jerked out holding a stubby 
automatic. “You killed Ribs, you—” 
Nick Slate kicked his right foot out 
and up. The toe of his shot hit Owen’s 
right wrist. The revolver exploded once. 
Its blast sounded like a cannon. 


O LATE took four steps along the stalls, 
^ picked up the gun he had kicked out 
of Owen’s hand. He came back, stood 
over the fat man. “You’ll scare hell out 
of the hounds, Owen, and get yourself in 
a jam, shooting guns off around here!” 

Owen got to his feet He was trem¬ 
bling. His fat lips moved, but for a 
minute no words came from his mouth. 
His eyes were narrowed, showing only 
brown irises and black pupils. . 

Fingering the gun, Slate said irritably: 
“Well, you didn’t use a knife on me, but 
it was a knife that—” He ripped the keys 
from Owen’s left hand, stooped, unlocked 
the stall door, swung it open. 

Reaching inside, he touched the body, 
felt a cold, bare, slim forearm; moved 
a cold finger of a thin hand not yet 
stiffened. He started to drag at the arm, 
stopped, backed away from the stall. 

“Have to leave him in there until the 
cops move him,” he said. “You called him 
Ribs. What was his name?” 

“Jeff Ribbon,” Owen answered with an 
effort. “He’s my trainer.” 

“He was your trainer. Ribbon, eh? 
Funny name.” 

The whining of the greyhounds kept 
up. The door at the end of the kennel 
opened. A bulky policeman came in, fol¬ 
lowed by Joe and a tall, handsome man 
in a light gray suit. 

“I—I’m sorry I lost my temper,” Owen 
said. “It was a shock.” 

Slate pocketed the stubby automatic and 
waited while the cop and Joe and Richard¬ 
son, the track manager, walked up to 
them. He motioned into the dog stall, said 
nothing. His eyes were on Richardson. 

The cop whistled as he bent down and 
looked inside the stall. When he stood 
up again, his jaw was jutting. “Call 
homicide at headquarters,” he ordered the 
attendant. “And tell them to call the 
medical examiner. I’ll have to stay here 
until they come.” He got out a notebook, 



92 


Dime Detective Magazine 


began asking questions, writing out his 
report. Joe went outside to phone. 

“Joe and I found him like you see him,” 
Slate explained grimly. “Mr. Owen here 
might know something about it. I figured 
you’d want to know about it before it 
leaked out on the track, Mister Richard¬ 
son.” 

Richardson said: “That’s right,” sourly. 
“Your trainer, Owen?” 

Owen nodded, started to speak, but 
shut up as the cop glared at him. 

The policeman said: “Well, hell! This 
ain’t going to be so swell for the track, 
I guess, but it don’t have to be made 
public yet What you think was the idea?” 

“To keep my hounds from running!” 
Owen flared suddenly. “That’s the idea, 
if you want to know! By God! Where’s 
Fu Manchu? Where’s my greyhound?” 

“I was sort of waiting for you to get 
excited about that,” Slate said with a slow 
drawl that veiled quickened interest. 

“Yeah?” Owen retorted angrily again. 
“You seem to know a hell of a lot about 
this yourself!” 

“Guess you’re right, Owen,” Slate an¬ 
swered. “Guess I aim to.” 

“You’d better watch your step. Slate,” 
Richardson said. “This is murder. Re¬ 
member that! The homicide squad will 
handle it, I imagine, without your help. 
You stick to watching out for pick¬ 
pockets.” 

The cop eyed the three of them, made' 
another note in his book, said nothing. 
Joe, the attendant, came back into the 
building. “Homicide’ll be right over,” he 
announced. “I’d better get the dogs out 
of here before then.” 

“You’d better leave Mr. Owen’s Fu 
Manchu where you find him, Joe,” Nick 
Slate suggested mildly. “You’ll find him 
in one of the stalls.” 

He walked along the double tier of ken¬ 
nels, blinking a small flashlight into each 
one. Fu Manchu was stretched out in 


Stall 24, dead from a blow on the head. 

Owen followed him, began cursing 
again at the sight. Richardson and the 
policeman stood back by the body of Rib¬ 
bon. Joe was collecting muzzles and 
leashes from a rack in one end of the 
building. 

"How much was being bet on this 
dog?” Slate asked Owen. "You don’t 
have to tell me. I don’t have to tell about 
the gun I took from you.” 

Owen hesitated, stopped swearing, eyed 
Slate speculatively. 

"Well?” Slate asked. 

“Fifty grand,” Owen said. “A pool in 
St Petersburg. Ten of us.” 

Nick Slate nodded slowly. His eyes 
seemed heavy-lidded. "And now that your 
pooch won’t run again ?” he asked. 

"We lose fifty grand,” Owen muttered. 
“No scratches allowed in that bet. That’s 
why I had Ribs stay with the dog all the 

“You said you had fifteen dogs,” Slate 
reminded him. “Why not run one of 
them now?” 

Charley Owen stepped close to Slate, 
tapped him on the chest with a pudgy 
forefinger. "That’s part of the bet,” he 
said sourly. “I can switch any racer I 
own for Fu, and so can Jackwall and 
his crowd switch a Jackwall dog for Tin- 
pan. But the hell of it is, I’ve got noth¬ 
ing, absolutely nothing, mister, in the 
quarter mile heat that’ll touch this Tinpan. 
Fu Manchu could and did take him. But 
I haven’t got Fu now 1” 

Slate lifted his shoulders and said: 
“Maybe you haven’t got fifty grand any 
more, either. I’d keep that bet secret a 
while!” 

CK SLATE’S lanky figure idled un¬ 
ostentatiously near the entrance to 
the entrance to the Flagler Track club¬ 
house. Down along the stands, and under 
them where the public made their bets, 



93 


a milling crowd swarmed, worming their 
way up to the betting booths and back 
again. 

But in the club house there was a sense 
of quietness, of sureness. It was here 
that the big-money bets were laid—bets 
not on the board, bets between owners 
and backers and dog fanciers. 

Back further along the stands, where 
darkness was intensified under and around 
the lights near the dog house, the homi¬ 
cide squad was on the job. Owen had 
been questioned and allowed to go com¬ 
paratively free about the track grounds. 
The dog handlers were being grilled, for 
what little information they might have 
—which was none at all. 

The murderer had entered the kennel, 
done his grisly task, and walked out 
again. So far as the police knew, the 
killer might have been Joe, or one of 
the other attendants, or even Nick Slate 
himself. A motive was lacking. Nobody 
had mentioned Jackwall being around. 

Slate watched the club-house windows 
until he was sure he recognized the stocky, 
solid figure of Harry Jackwall inside the 
building. He ambled on up the steps, went 
inside, stood a moment until Jackwall was 
alone. He called the gambler by name, 
grinned wistfully at him. 

“I thought maybe, Mr. Jackwall,” Slate 
said, “that I’d find a chap named Charley 
Owen up here somewhere. He mentioned 
knowing you.” 

“Hi’ya, Slate,” Jackwall exclaimed 
jovially. “Owen? Sure he knows me. 
I just heard about a little trouble or some¬ 
thing down at the kennels. You should 
know something about that, eh?” 

“Homicide squad’s down there now,” 
Slate said in his drawling voice. “Owen’s 
trainer got himself killed, and his pooch, 
Fu Manchu, too. Most anybody working 
back there could have done the job, I 
guess, or anybody racing a dog tonight 
here could have gotten into the kennels. 


I’ve got a hunch the police won’t work it 
out right.” 

Jackwall’s joviality left him. Sternness, 
sharpness came on his face like a mask. 
He studied Slate a long moment and 
asked: “You think I should go down there 
and talk to the law. Slate?” 

Nick Slate shook his head. “Thought I 
might save you the walk, Mr. Jackwall. 

I know Owen hasn’t mentioned this to 
the cops yet, and I think he won’t—not 
until he sees you, anyhow. What I’m sort 
of wondering is, you goin’ to call off that 
fifty-grand bet with him?” 

“Ah-h-h!” Jackwell’s breath came from 
between clamped teeth. “No l By God, 
no 1 It was a fair bet. He took the same 
chances I took. He won the first race. 
Suppose it had been Tinpan killed in¬ 
stead of his Fu Manchu? Would I renig? 
Would I squawk?” 

“Well, I guess you wouldn’t squawk,” 
Slate said. ‘“I guess, maybe, this Charley 
Owen won’t squawk, either. But it’s a 
lot of dough.” He walked away, ambled 
back outside the chib house. 

The first race was already starting, with 
Fu Manchu’s name replaced on the board 
by a dog called Ringo. The betting public 
was crowding the lower rail down in front 
of the stand, and above, the stand itself 
was almost filled. 

Slate idled over nearer the rail, saw the 
swishing streak of the rabbit on the track 
as it went around the course to pick up 
the dogs. He stood watching until the 
greyhounds were sprung from their cages, 
noted that Tinpan got away first, held the 
lead easily. Slate had missed that race in 
the afternoon. 

Slate was less than halfway back to¬ 
ward the dog house when the winner was 
named on the electric board on the judges’ 
stand—Tinpan. A voice over the public- 
address system announced a new track 
record. The band in the grandstand began 
to play. 



94 


Dime Detective Magazine 


A ROUND the comer of the kennels, 
Joe, the red-coated assistant, ap¬ 
peared with a homicide detective. An¬ 
other dog handler had taken his place 
while the police quizzed him again. He 
appeared calm, as though he enjoyed the 
procedure, the attention. 

‘“Not getting much of anywhere, 
Slate,” the detective from headquarters 
called quietly. "Guess I’ll have to talk 
with Owen again. Quick-tempered bird, 
that Owen.” 

"I guess he don’t know much about it,” 
Slate answered. 

He went into the kennel building, 
walked the length of it, came back down 
along the stalls again. He paid no atten¬ 
tion to the stall where the body of Owen’s 
dog handler had been found. Two cops 
lounged against the double tiers, nodded 
to him curtly. 

He paused at the stall where he had 
found Fu Manchu dead. The lock on the 
stall door was as he had discovered it— 
smashed. He examined it more carefully, 
made sure it had been shattered in an 
attempt to shut the door, not to get it 
open. The markings on the wood showed 
that. 

Outside, the dogs from the first race 
were being led back by the red-uniformed 
attendants, but they were not being taken 
to the kennel. They were being turned 
over to their owners or owners’ trainers 
at a side entrance to the track. 

Slate stood stock still suddenly in the 
shadow of the building. Two things came 
to him simultaneously; the first a thought, 
the second a tougher realization. The 
thought was that whoever had killed Jeff 
Ribbon had killed the dog, Fu Manchu, 
first, and had been caught in the act and 
been obliged to kill Ribbon to cover up 
his identity. The way that stall-door lock 
was broken proved that. 

The tougher realization was that some¬ 
body was tailing him now. It was more 


than a vague sense of being followed. It 
was a real feeling. 

The inclination urging him to turn ab¬ 
ruptly and face the farther gloomy wall 
of the track was overwhelming. He 
turned, ducked, heard the whish of an ob¬ 
ject fly past his crouched shoulders, saw 
the faint gleam of a steel blade. Then 
the knife tucked its sharpness into the 
earth forty feet away, near the rear wall 
of the kennel 

Slate shoved himself upright, strode 
rapidly toward the rear fence. The bark¬ 
ing, yipping of greyhounds greeted him. 
Ten red-coated handlers and ten dogs 
were coming toward him from a gate in 
the fence. There was nobody else in sight. 
It was impossible that one of the handlers 
could have thrown that knife without be¬ 
ing detected by some of the others. As 
he turned, he saw Jack wall moving off 
out of darkness into light toward the 
stands. Jackwall might have come from 
anywhere, might have thrown the knife 
himself. 

Slate prowled until he found the knife, 
after the handlers and dogs had passed. 
He saw it was little different from the 
knife that had killed Ribbon—an ordinary 
fish knife, long-bladed, sharp, with a jack¬ 
knife handle. There were hundreds of 
such knives to be had on Miami Beach. 

He started back toward the grandstand, 
saw Richardson, the track manager, walk¬ 
ing ahead of him. Richardson saw him 
over his shouder, waited for him. The 
manager’s face was grave, his eyes darkly 
angry. 

“You found out something, Slate?” 
Richardson demanded. 

“Something,” Slate admitted. “Not 
much. I found out the dog was killed 
first and Owen’s trainer afterwards.” 

“Anything else?” Richardson insisted. 
“I saw Jackwall and he said you were 
talldng with him—about a bet.” 

“That’s right,” Slate agreed. “About 



Race Racket 


95 


a bet. Fifty grand’s a lot of dough to 
bet on two dogs in three races. Yup, I 
found that out, too. And I found a fish- 
knife somebody heaved at me. It won’t 
prove anything except that some people 
heave fish knives at me—and miss.” 

“Listen,” Richardson said earnestly. 
“Take this tip! Jackwall thinks you know 
too much! You watch Jackwall, Slate. 
Watch himl” 

Richardson turned abruptly, strode off 
toward the dub house. 

fpHE fourth race was a Daily Double 
event, the first of the two Doubles of 
the evening. A bet on the winning dog 
in both Doubles would pay somewhere 
between forty and ninety dollars, depend¬ 
ing up how the odds came out at the end. 

Slate idled up to a Doubles betting 
window, laid his money, got his ticket. 
It was the only bet he made during the 
week and he had never won yet, but 
he was persistent, patient. Out of the 
comer of his eye he caught sight of the 
fat figure of Charley Owen, watching the 
track morosely, and not too far away was 
a detective from homicide. 

Slate ambled over to the detective, 
stood there beside him until he was sure 
Owen saw him and saw the detective also. 

“The chief is havin’ all these guys that 
might know somethin’ come down to head¬ 
quarters after the track closes," the de¬ 
tective said. “I got to tail this bird Owen 
until then, but I guess he don’t know 
nothin’ about this case. Anyhow, I got 
to follow him, and maybe you better come 
on down with the crowd, Slate. Down 
to see the chief, I mean.” 

“We’ll be around, Herman,” Slate 
promised. 

The homicide detective faded away into 
the crowd, headed for the nearest coffee- 
and-sandwich Stand under the grandstand. 
Nick Slate moved toward Charley Owen, 
stood beside him, saying nothing. 


“I was looking for Jackwall,” the fat 
dog owner said to Slate. He spoke as 
though only to make conversation, but 
there was a depth in his voice that held 
feeling. 

“About that bet?” Slate asked. 

“I guess I’m stuck for that,” Owen said 
soberly. “No, it was about somethng else. 
Maybe I shouldn’t tell you. I might be 
wrong.” 

“You were wrong once tonight, Owen.” 
Slate touched his coat pocket significantly 
where the gun he had taken from Owen 
still made a compact, hard weight. “Did 
you tell the law about the bet yet?” 

“I took your advice,” Owen replied 
evenly. “I didn’t tell them.” 

“Oh?” 

“The money’s being held,” Owen said. 
“It’s in the clubhouse safe. I don’t have 
to pay him off. He can get it when he 
wants it, after the last race. I wanted to 
ask him something else, something Rich¬ 
ardson told me about a few minutes ago.” 

“Well?” Slate asked. 

“I just want to tell Jackwall,” Owen 
said, “that he wins his gamble in money, 
but he don’t want to make any passes at 
me.” 

“He shouldn’t do that, now,” Slate 
drawled. “You’ve had trouble enough for 
one night, Owen. You lost a fine dog and 
a trainer and all that money that you 
and your friends put up.” He squinted 
down at the fat man, studied him from 
beneath veiled, idle-appearing, somber 
lids. 

“I’m not hunting trouble,” Owen stated 
flatly. “I know I’ve got a temper that 
gets away from me sometimes. But I 
think I’d better go see Jackwall, just to 
let him know.” 

Owen started to walk off, but Slate put 
a hand on his arm. “I just thought of it, 
Mr. Owen. Maybe I’d better go in and 
ask Jackwall to come out and talk with 
you. Somewhere in back, so the law won’t 



96 


Dime Detective Magazine 


be botherin’ Jackwall—seein’ yon talk to 
him.” 

“By God!” Owen cried. “You seem to 
be pretty damned interested in protecting 
that gambler!” 

“It’s not that, Mr. Owen. It’s more 
like this, if you understand me. Bein’ a 
sort of private detective on the track here, 
my job is sort of to help people, not to 
hinder them. They come here to gamble 
on the dogs, and that’s the track’s busi¬ 
ness. The track hires me, so my job is 
to see that people can gamble here with¬ 
out being bothered too much.” 

He looked sleepily at Owen, nodded, 
and walked toward the club house. The 
band was playing again and the lights 
were off around the track proper, pre¬ 
paratory to the fanfare of the next race 
As he turned up the club-house steps, he 
saw over his shoulder that Owen was 
following him slowly, hesitantly, and that 
Herman, the homicide detective, was no¬ 
where in sight. 

•TVHERE were several groups of people 
A sitting on the club-house porch now, 
waiting for the seventh race to flash up 
—men and women in natty, light clothes, 
talking, laughing. He found Jackwall 
sitting on the porch railing talking with 
Richardson on a far end of the porch. 
The two men were talking quietly, yet 
there was an atmosphere of tenseness 
about them. 

Slate went straight to them and said 
to Jackwall: “That fellow we were talkin’ 
about a while back, Mr. Jackwall, he’d 
like to see you out back in private right 
away.” 

A flash of understanding passed be¬ 
tween the gambler and the track manager, 
but Slate pretended to miss it. 

"Ill talk with him, all right!” Jackwall 
growled and got up. 

Without excusing himself to Richard¬ 
son, he strode away, a stolid, healthy bulk 


of a man with broad snoulders hunched 
forward as though about to strike. 

“He’s pretty damned mad,” Richardson 
said to Slate. "Mad and scared. I’d say. 
Yes, sir. Jackwall’s afraid Owen will 
holler out loud about that bet, and the 
law will jump on that as a motive for 
killing Owen’s dog and Owen’s trainer.” 

“You think Jackwall did the killing?” 

“Hell, no I” Richardson exclaimed 
eagerly. "He’s a gambler, Jackwall is! 
He’d take the loss, if he lost, and shut 
up. I’d hate to say he was the killer, 
Slate! Didn’t you tell me that whoever 
killed that trainer killed the dog first?” 

“Sure,” Slate agreed. "Somebody 
killed the dog and got caught in the act 
by this fellow Ribbon, and had to kill Rib¬ 
bon to protect himself. I don’t believe 
the cops will catch up with him, Mr. 
Richardson, but I’ve got a hunch the 
murderer has already given himself away. 
I think I’ll probably catch him myself.” 

“I sure hope you do, Slate,” Richard¬ 
son said. "And if I were you, I’d take 
a sneak out back and see what those two 
are up to. One murder on this track is 
about all we can stand.” 

“That’s something I was sort of plan- 
nin’ on doin’ right now,” Slate said and, 
nodding gloomily, moved off through the 
club house. 

He went out the back way, down the 
steps into almost complete darkness. The 
building was near a high wall of the 
track’s outside fence, and the lights from 
the rear windows gave little glow into 
the gloom beyond. Slate stood near the 
bottom of the steps a moment, then moved 
further away from them, listening. 

He heard Jackwall’s voice, and Owen’s. 
They were talking in low tones, angrily, 
but not loud enough so he could hear their 
words distinctly. In the near distance the 
band stopped playing. He edged closer 
to the two men, keeping in black shadow 
himself, trying hard to see the positions 



Race Racket 


9t 


of the two. Then Jackwall said dearly: 
“I said I’d break you, and I will! If you 
think—■” 

Something hard, blunt, crashed against 
Nick Slate’s head. Fire flamed, seethed an 
instant in his brain. His last thought, as 
he fell was of speed—the speed with 
which he had been attacked. 

CLATE’S consdousness returned to him 
^ in a series of splitting throbs. He 
moved his hands, felt of his head. His 
hat had fallen off and there was a splotch 
of blood where he touched his hair. 

He was positive that either Jackwall 
or Owen could have sneaked up behind 
him and knocked him out. 

He got to his feet, moving slowly, get¬ 
ting his bearings. As he stood there, his 
feet crunched on glass. At first he paid 
no attention to it. Then the sensation 
gnawed at him. He stooped, found sev¬ 
eral pieces on the ground, fdt them for 
thickness. 

Window glass 1 

Perplexity and annoyance made lines 
on his tanned features. He 'stood still, 
listening, heard the beginning of band 
music out across the Flagler Street track. 
But he could not hear voices. Moving 
ahead through the darkness, he saw that 
Jackwall and Qwen were gone. 

A sudden glow of lights from in front 
of the club house lightened the darkness 
as the track lights went on for the start 
of another race. 

Nick Slate retraced his steps, went back 
into the club house by the rear door. He 
stood at the sink in the small kitchen, 
bathed his head, brushed cold water over 
his face and eyes. A waiter came into 
the kitchen, eyed him curiously, went out 
again carrying a tray of bottles. 

When the waiter had gone. Slate step¬ 
ped to the rear window in the kitchen, 
examined it, then went to the next win¬ 
dow. Both were intact, locked, and their 


glass was unbroken. He opened one, 
found it moved up without noise. Look¬ 
ing down, he noted that the distance to 
a man’s head beneath the window was 
within arm’s reach, about the right height 
for a blow. 

He shut the window, locked it, studied 
a moment, and went along the rear wall 
of the kitchen into a pantry. There was 
one window here, locked also, but near 
the lock on the middle sill there was an 
arc of glass missing that left a hole large 
enough for a hand to reach in and un¬ 
fasten the lock. 

A drawn, grim smile began to play 
over Slate’s features. 

He went back into the kitchen, down 
the rear steps along the rear wall of the 
club house, groping his way in the gloomy 
recess between the race-track wall and 
the wall of the building. 

What he' was searching for was not 
there, but he found a good substitute for 
it—a solid and fairly large packing box. 
The box was not under the window, but 
it was close enough so that it could be 
moved beneath the pantry window with¬ 
out much trouble. 

There was wary satisfaction on Slate’s 
face as he strode round the club-house 
building to the front. He did not go 
inside again, but ambled into the crowd 
that still lingered for the last race of 
the night. 

He went once more to the Doubles 
window, asked who had won, found that 
he had lost again. He shrugged, grinned 
goodnaturedly, strode away toward the 
dog house. 

r FHE two homicide detectives still 
; leaned against the stalls when he went 
inside. It was as though they had not 
moved, but there were a number of ciga¬ 
rette butts scattered over the floor around 
them. 

“Anything new come up?” he asked. 

“Nothing,” one of them said. 



98 Dime Detective Magazine 


“They got this Owen fellow?” Slate 
demanded. 

“Sure. He’s been sittm’ over at the 
club house, waiting. He sort of got over 
bein’ mad at us for askin’ questions. He’s 
gettin’ wise.” 

“Who else is going down to head¬ 
quarters?” Slate asked. 

“Most of the track attendants who 
handle these pooches. The chief, he’s a 
hellion on details. He says to us, we get 
enough details and he’ll solve any crime 
that comes along.” 

“So this time he’s going to make a try 
at gettin’ the details himself,” the other 
detective from homicide explained. “All 
we got to do is stand round and sit round, 
but I bet we don’t make no pinch unless 
it’s this bird Owen.” 

“I’ll try and be there myself,” Slate 
said. * 

“You’d better. The chief'll want to hear 
what you got to say about these attend¬ 
ants with them red monkey suits.” 

“Richardson, the track manager, hires 
them,” Slate said. He’d be the one the 
chief should ask about them.” 

“He’ll be there, too, Slate,” the second 
dick said. “He’s going to drive down 
himself, so I heard him say. He’s got to 
close up the joint first, hasn’t he?” 

“Either Richardson, or Riley, his assist¬ 
ant, or me,” Slate told them. “I’ll be 
seeing you.” 

“Yeah, but I’d rather go home and 
fall into the hay myself.” 

Slate said, “So would I,” and went 
back outside. He stayed in the lighted area 
this time, went down to the rail, watched 
the last race come in. The two lead dogs, 
coming down the stretch, nose and nose, 
lost their tempers and began fighting. The 
entire pack smashed past them over the 
line, leaving them still fighting as their 
two attendants ran down to part them. 

The crowd howled and some of them 
swore. There was a surge toward the 


paying booths under the stands. The 
lights went out around the track as the 
dogs were led away. 

Outside the track fence, the rumble of 
cars replaced the usual sound of the band. 
More lights began blinking out around the 
track. 

Slate stood at the rail, watching the 
people move past, out through the gate 
beyond. He turned when Richardson 
called to him. The track manager was 
coming along from the club house, which 
was already-dark. 

"You stick round, Slate,” Richardson 
directed. “Lock up for me. I’ve got to 
go down to police headquarters. When 
you finish, you can come on down your¬ 
self if you want to find out what’s going 
on. Or maybe you know already.” 

"Not much more than I did a while 
ago,” Slate replied. “Sure, I’ll lock up. 
You locked the club house, didn’t you?” 

"Riley did,” Slate said. “See you later.” 
The track manager walked away, went 
out the gate. 

Nick Slate still stood there by the rail. 
He saw Herman and Owen come from 
under the stand and go out after Rich¬ 
ardson. A few moments later another 
detective came along, stopped. 

“Going down to see the show at head¬ 
quarters?” die detective asked. “It’ll be 
just routine grilling, I guess. This is a 
hell of a murder case. It’s too damned 
open. Wide open. You coming?” 

“Later, maybe,” Slate answered. “After 
I close up all around.” 

The stolid figure of the detective went 
through the gate, disappeared. The two 
gatemen and the ticket sellers waved and 
went out. The betting booths were dark 
gaps in blackness under the main stand. 

Slate came away from the track rail 
abruptly, started off at a brisk walk to¬ 
ward the dog house. His manner changed 
completely. The slow, wistful, gangling 
■movement of features and body became 
hard, tighdy drawn. His eyes smoldered. 



Race Racket 


99 


He took a flashlight from his pocket, 
blinked it on the dog house, went past to 
the rear fence gate, saw it was locked. 
He made a complete, rapid circuit of the 
outer track wall, came back to the main 
stand again, slid silently, invisibly into the 
darkness. 

TjXDR fully five minutes, Slate stood in 
A the blackness under the stand, listen¬ 
ing, but no sound reached his ears save 
the rumble of earn outside on the street, 
the occasional lilt of voices as people 
passed. 

He was alone in the track—alone, so 
far as he knew. But there had been a dead 
dog and a dead man that night, and there 
had been a fish knife heaved at him in the 
darkness earlier, while a thousand people 
stood within hailing distance. Nick Slate, 
like a shadow, began to slide noiselessly 
toward the club house 1 

He went between the wall of the track 
and the club building, hugged the track 
wall where the lights from the street and 
buildings outside did not reach him. He 
held the flash in his left hand, his own 
gun in his right. The gun he had taken 
from Charley Owen still made weight in 
his coat pocket. 

There was a long moment, as he moved 
forward, when he could see absolutely 
nothing. Then, vaguely, he discerned the 
lack of something that he had seen there 
earlier. 

Steadying his eyes, he strained into 
the blackness. His head nodded slowly, 
methodically, like a man who has made 
a chess move that he has figured out well 
in advance and which satisfies him. The 
box he had spotted had been moved. 

It was directly beneath the pantry 
window, and the window was open from 
the bottom wide enough for a man to 
enter with comparative ease. 

A sense of disaster began to gnaw at 
Slate as he stood there in darkness, a 
sense of futility. It was one thing to track 


a criminal, to wait outside for him to 
come out. It was another thing to go in 
after him single-handed. 

But there was that front door, and a 
side door besides, that could be opened 
from within. There was not much chance 
of anyone entering by a window, and 
emerging by the same route, with two 
doors offering quick, easy exit. Yet there 
was reason, too. There was Slate himself 1 

Once more that hard grin came upon 
his features. He moved over to the box, 
pocketed his flash but held his gun ready 
as he climbed up. He balanced himself, 
tried to hear sounds that could not be 
heard, then swung a leg over the window 
sill, swung his body inside, stood on the 
pantry floor. 

The pantry door was shut. He pushed 
it open gently, slowly, stepped into the 
small kitchen of the club house. Moving 
to the center of the kitchen, he stood 
silent, straining ears and eyes. A slow, 
methodical drip, drip, drip of water from 
a faucet was the only sound. He orient¬ 
ated himself, found the kitchen swing- 
door leading into the front part of the 
building. 

He went through it into a large room 
that he knew was laid out with tables and 
chairs and settees. 

Standing quietly, poised on the balls) 
of his feet, he heard for the first time a 
muffled sound that was like heavy ham¬ 
mering on metal in a confined, closed 
space. The sound kept up with the per¬ 
sistence of the dripping water in the 
kitchen. 

Slate moved toward the noise, realized 
as he moved that he was headed for the 
club-house office, the office used by Rich¬ 
ardson and Riley, the room where the 
larger bets were laid on the dogs. 

The pounding stopped abruptly, started 
again, louder, then stopped entirely with 
a resounding thud and something that wa^ 
like an echo of the thud. 



100 


Dime Detective Magazine 


Slate started forward quickly, jerked 
out his torch. His body hit a chair, 
careened off it as he tried to steady him¬ 
self. He swung against a table, tried to 
catch his balance by putting a hand oa it. 
The table tipped, went over, crashed to 
the floor. With a curse. Slate sprang aside, 
flicked on his electric flash, tried to aim 
it at the office door. 

TTE found tlje wall with the light, then 
J ‘ JL the door panel. His senses warned 
him that the door was already opening. 
A flash of fire burst from the doorway 
before he could spring aside. The flash¬ 
light in his left hand shattered and his 
hand felt numb and sticky. A second 
explosion blasted from the doorway and 
a slug plowed through the flesh of his 
left leg above the knee. 

Slate staggered. His own gun jerked 
in his rght hand, the muzzle streaking 
out a jet of fire. He shot again and 
tripped over a chair. 

A body hurtled through the blackness, 
hot breath panted against his face and 
a fist hammered against his mouth, loos¬ 
ened teeth, drew blood that tasted warm, 
salty. He swung his gun again, missed 
completely. 

And as suddenly as the attack had 
started, it ended! The fingers jerked away 
from his throat. The body on top of 
him leaped off, crashed against furniture. 
The sounds started to die away. 

Nick Slate swore, shook himself into 
renewed activity. He struggled to his 
feet, wobbled a moment, plunged after 
the retreating sounds, his arms flaying 
tables and chairs aside as he ran. 

The kitchen door slammed back into 
his face as he lunged at it in the darkness. 
He bounced away, swung up his gun, 
fired, and kicked the door wide open. 

There was no answering fire. He 
plunged through the doorway, swung to¬ 
ward the pantry, heard a bang, realized 


the pantry door had opened and ckraed. 
He handled, dove at it 

His shoulder burst it open the wrong 
way, sent it splintering down off its 
hinges. He went to his knees, saw a vague 
figure dropping off the window sill to 
the ground outside. 

Slate threw, up his gun, but the target 
had disappeared. He roared at the figure, 
scrambled to his feet, went through the 
window, taking the sash with him. 

He missed the box under the window 
completely, went over it and felt shat¬ 
tered glass and broken splinters dig into 
his hands and knees as he landed. He 
leaped to his feet, whirled, staring, about 
him. 

The figure was rounding the corner of 
the club house. A faint glow of light out¬ 
lined it from a higher building over the 
track fence. 

Slate fired his gun as he ran. The 
figure stumbled, turned, fired back at him, 
then ran on. Somewhere outside, a police 
whistle shrilled three times, was followed 
by an answering whistle further off. The 
figure hit the shadow of the fence, 
whirled, crouched. Flame burst from the 
man’s gun. The slug creased Slaters head. 

Slate dropped to one knee, took aim, 
saw the figure suddenly leap up into the 
air, clutch at the top of the fence. The 
gun jerked in Slate’s hand again. He saw 
the figure erk as though in response, 
heard a muffled curse. Then the man had 
his leg over the fence top, was pawing 
his way over. 

Nick Slate swore, lunged up and for¬ 
ward. He forgot the gun in his hand 
as he ran. Then he was in the air, diving 
upward, his arms stretched ahead of him. 

The figure, halfway over the fence, 
kicked out at him. The shoe caught Slate 
square in the face, made stars against 
blackness in his head. His arms encircled 
the man’s leg, elung there as Slate’s body 



Race Racket 


101 


swung down, dragging, hauling the figure 
back off the fence. 

The man fired once more as he fell. 
The bullet slugged along Slate’s back, 
seared his flesh, thudded into the ground. 
Then the two men were down, pawing, 
kicking, slugging with fists and guns! 

GLATE twisted, heaved, rolled, got on 
top. His fist hammered into the man’s 
belly, hammered again. The figure swung 
up at the torso, spat blood, coughed, 
flopped back again. Slate crashed his fist 
into the stomach again, sprang to his feet, 
jerked the man upright. 

A voice bellowed on the other side of 
the track fence near them, and another 
voice joined the first. 

“Come over the fence!” Slate shouted. 
“Bring a light!” 

But even as he called, a peculiar ex¬ 
pression came over his bloody features. 
His eyes gleamed, and once again there 
was satisfaction in his eyes. He shook 
the man in his grip. “Richardson!” he 
muttered. “Richardson, damn you, snap 
out of it!” 

Slate put his hands in the track man¬ 
ager’s pocket, went through his clothes, 
and his fists came out holding two thick 
wads of bills bound with heavy rubber 
bands. 

A torch blinked at them from the fence 
top, then swung down as the cop jumped 
to the ground. “What th’ hell’s goin’ on 
here?” he demanded. 

“It’s a pinch,” Slate growled at them. 
"That’s all it is, a pinch!” He glanced 
over his shoulder, blinked into the light 
held on him, and demanded belligerently: 
“Go get an ambulance, one of you, and 
call police headquarters. Tell ’em—” 

“Damn!” Richardson said suddenly. 
“I’ll tell ’em, myself.” 

“Sure,” the cop said. “Take it easy, 
there, guy.” 

The second cop ran down the track 


toward the phone booths under the grand¬ 
stand. Slate said to the cop with them: 
“You! Get out that book of yours and 
■write it down. This bird’ll sign it. It’s 
a confession!” 

The cop fumbled inside his coat, pro¬ 
duced notebook, pencil. 

Slate said, as though reciting, but with 
a tired inflection: "I wanted the hundred 
grand Charley Owen and Harry Jack wall 
gave me to hold for them, as bet money, 
on three races between Owen’S Fu Man- 
chu and Jackwall’s Tinpan. I tried to 
stall off the races by killing Owen’s dog, 
to give me time to get the money out 
tonight before the bet was over. Owen’s 
trainer caught me, and I had to kill him. 
His name was Jeff Ribbon.” 

The cop scribbled a moment, said: 
“Yup. Go on with it” 

“I got afraid of Nick Slate, and tried 
to scare him off. I threw a knife at him 
but he wouldn’t scare. I set Owen and 
Jackwall against each other, so they would 
get into a fight and get arrested. That 
was to give me more time to steal their 
money. I knocked Slate out at the same 
time, so I could fix up the club-house 
window for an entrance. I opened the 
safe after I sneaked back here through 
the dog gate, took the money, and knocked 
the knob off the safe to make it look like 
an ordinary robbery.” 

Slate said, when the cop had finished 
writing that: “Now, Richardson, you snap 
out of it long enough to sign this state¬ 
ment, or I’ll break you into plenty of 
pieces. Sign it!” 

Richardson blinked, coughed, signed his 
name. 

"And you,” Slate said to the cop, “put 
down there somewhere how this confes¬ 
sion is of his own free will and accord 
or whatever it is.” 

The cop said, “Geez, guy!” and wrote 
it out. 



The Seventh Cedar 



Seven Cedars was the name over the 
gateway to that house of horror, yet 
only she gaunt evergreens stood on 
the lawn. Dinner for seven at seven 
o’clock, the host had indicated. Yet 
only six sat down at table. What 
was the sinister meaning of the mis¬ 
sing sevens? What ghastly joke was 
Septimus Cedar—a seventh son — 
playing on that sextet of lost souls? 


“Do you remember?” she challenged, weaving there 
in the gloom. 


102 


by Allan Vaughan Elston 

Author of "Star Witness," etc. 



CHAPTER ONE 
Port of Missing Brides 

B EYOND the arched gate, a lawn 
sloped up in a steep, green sweep 
to the house. It was a tall, eaveless 
structure, I noted, shuttered and severely 
colonial. Midway on its lawn six cedar 
trees were growing in a row. They were 
about ten paces apart and obviously had 
been planted. Six of these cedars there 
were, no more, no less. 


103 




104 


Dime Detective Magazine 


Why six? 

Seven Cedars was the name boldly 
inscribed over the gate. And I recalled 
that the stationery of my client, Captain 
John Temple, which bore the message 
summoning me to this North Jersey coun¬ 
try estate, was likewise engraved —Seven 
Cedars. Yet the number of cedars was a 
definite six. 

Where—my mind instantly and inev¬ 
itably inquired—was the seventh cedar? 

After driving through die arched gate 
and circling the lawn, I parked in a court 
to the left of the house. I was but a 
minute or so late, Temple having asked 
me to call at six o’clock. 

At my knock, the door of the house was 
opened by a bald old bullet-head who im¬ 
mediately struck me as an Oriental—and 
a tough one. His thin, leather-brown face 
was seamed and pitted. A scar the full 
width of his forehead was deep and 
frightful. A battered old customer from 
somewhere east of Arabia, I decided, 
probably a Hindu. 

r PHE fellow backed away from me, 
bowing awkwardly, with which crab¬ 
like progress he lured me into a gunroom 
on the right of the hall. There I found 
Captain Temple in the company of a 
young collegian in creamy flannels. This 
younger man was pacing the floor with 
such morbid preoccupation that he did 
not notice my entrance. 

“Here you are, Conroy. Good!” John 
Temple, stocky and solid, prematurely 
gray, greeted me with his hard-fisted grip. 
“Bud, meet my attorney, Conroy. Con¬ 
roy, this is Bud Arkles.” 

Young Arkles relaxed long enough to 
shake hands. 

“Look sharp, Rokh,” Temple then said 
to his East-Indian servant. “And remem¬ 
ber, you’re to serve dinner for seven 
promptly at seven.” 

Rokh backed from the room. As my 


eyes followed him, I became more and 
more convinced that the fellow should 
have been stevedoring around Singapore 
rather than butlering in New Jersey. 

Once he was gone, Temple was all busi¬ 
ness. He looked at his watch, snapped it 
shut with a dick and said: “There’s a 
deal to tell you in less than an hour, Con¬ 
roy. Will you sit down?” 

“You want legal advice, I presume?” 
I queried taking a chair. 

“Nothing like that,” he said. “I just 
want you as a witness to a showdown due 
during the evening at this house.” 

Naturally I was bewildered. “A show¬ 
down on what issue?” 

“An affair of mystery, Conroy. And 
if I’ve tagged him rightly, the villain of 
the piece will dine with us at seven.” 

“And my role will be?” 

“Merely to size him up,” Temple said. 
“Keep your eyes open and your reason 
pliable. You’re supposed to have a judi¬ 
cial mind, so I want your reactions.” 

“Can’t we be getting along?” com¬ 
plained young Arkles. He jerked fret¬ 
fully toward us, again plowing a hand 
through his shock of reddish hair. “We’ve 
less than an hour, you know.” 

“Right. Briefly, here’s the situation, 
Conroy.” From now on Temple’s voice 
drove like the piston of an engine. “Three 
years ago one Septimus Cedar, a seventh 
son, was honeymooning in the South 
Seas. His bride was approached on the 
dark deck, one night, by a Lascar sailor 
who whispered to her a warning. The 
lady, though startled, was incredulous. 
She refused to believe the terrible crimes 
which the whispering lascar imputed to 
her husband, Septimus Cedar. Seeing 
that his warning was in vain, the lascar 
begged her not to speak of it.” 

“And did she?” I asked. 

"She did not. Otherwise she would 
have brought her husband’s wrath heavily 
on the man’s head.” 



The Seventh Cedar 


105 


"Just what warning did the Lascar 
whisper,” I inquired, “to the bride of 
Septimus Cedar?” 

For the last minute I had been staring 
thoughtfully out a window, regarding 
those evenly spaced six cedars. And still 
pondering on that misnomer over the 
arched gateway —Seven Cedars! 

Then I saw that my host and client, 
John Temple, was pulling a bell cord. In 
response, the bald old bullet-head of an 
East Indian came sidling into the room. 

"Rokh,” Temple said to him, “the gen¬ 
tleman would like to know just what 
words of warning you spoke, on a dark 
deck in the South Seas, to the bride of 
Septimus Cedar.” 

T>EVELATIQN that it was Rokh who 
had passed that warning shocked me. 
Yet I hadn’t missed his pedigree far, after 
all. Instead of a Singapore stevedore the 
man was a Lascar sailor. 

He answered bluntly in surprisingly 
glib English: “I say to lady: ‘You are bis 
fifth; when he tires of you he will push 
you into deep pit. It was so with the 
others.’ ” 

“Did the lady believe you?” prompted 
Temple. 

"She do not believe me, master.” 

“What became of her, Rokh?” 

“Her maid, she tell me the lady be 
downstairs right away, master.” 

That quite staggered me. “You mean 
to say,” I gasped, “that—” 

“Let the lady speak for herself,” Tem¬ 
ple cut in. “Come.” 

Temple led us out of the gun-room and 
across the hall to a spacious library. We 
had been there barely a minute when a 
slim and pretty woman, in her upper 
thirties, I judged, joined us. She was a 
brunette of grace and charm, and I liked 
her at once. 

It was plain that Temple did too. “Ah, 
here you are, Alicia.” He moved quickly, 


almost eagerly, to her and took both her 
hands. In the next short second of time 
I glimpsed a new Temple. His iron-gray 
grimness was, for that instant, swept 
away. He was like a courtier, ardent, 
greeting his lady love. 

Yet when he turned about he was again 
his old, stony self. “Alicia, this is Mr. 
Conroy, my attorney. Conroy, this is 
Miss Carterall.” 

“Can’t we skip the formalities and be 
getting along wth it?” came impatiently 
from Bud Arkles. And I suddenly real¬ 
ized how nervously impatient they all 
were. I was myself. Most of all was this 
Slim, dark lady whose fingertips were now 
touching my own. Those fingers were icy. 
Her poise was too rigid to be natural. I 
knew that she was laboring under some 
grave tension. 

“He is right. Let us be getting on with 
it, Mr. Conroy,” she said. “Know then 
that although I have chosen to assume 
my maiden name, actually I am the di¬ 
vorced wife of Septimus Cedar.” 

That forthrightness helped to collect 
my wits. To collect them further, I tried 
to imagine that she was a witness in court 
and I, the interviewing attorney. “You 
were cruising with your husband some 
three years ago, were you ?” I asked. 

“Yes” she said. 

“And did a Lascar sailor warn you as 
follows: ‘You are his fifth; when he tires 
of you he will push you into a deep pit. 
It was so with the others?’ ” 

“Yes, Mr. Conroy.” 

Temple was placing a chair for her. 
She sat on the edge of it, not at all rest- 
fully. She was not dressed for a dinner 
party. Temple, in fact, had mentioned 
that two of the guests would walk directly 
here from a nearby golf course. 

I now asked: “What of importance fol¬ 
lowed the incident of the warning, Miss 
Carterall ?” 

“A little while later,” she said, “we 



ioe 


Dime Detective Magazii 


went ashore on an island. I was walking 
with my husband in the moonlight, up a 
jungle path toward a cliff overlooking 
the sea. Suddenly the dark mouth of a pit 
loomed directly in front of me. I felt 
Mr. Cedar’s grip tighten on my arm. His 
face was changed. It was terrible. I knew 
that the warning was true—that he meant 
to push me into that pit.” 

TTER voice raised as she said that, end- 
ing in a note of almost wild hysteria. 
I could see now the scars of pain in her 
eyes, and faint dark circles beneath them. 
One knew at once that a trail of tragedy 
lay behind her. Young Arkles, all this 
while, was standing by fretting, fuming. 
Since he was barely more than a callow 
collegian, I couldn’t quite see where he 
figured. As for Temple, he was standing 
at Alicia’s elbow like a stocky Gibralter, 
his knotty fists clenched. 

“And so what did you do ?” I managed 
to inquire. 

"I was terrified,” she said. “I broke 
away and ran into the jungle. He came 
after me, shouting. I ran frantically on 
through the dark.” 

“He never caught you?” - 

“He did not, thank God!” This answer 
came fervently from John Temple. 

Temple himself resumed the testimony. 
“A week later,” he told me, “she was 
picked up by a tramp freighter calling in 
to trade with natives at a far end of that 
same island. It’s a small island, by the 
way, until recently uncharted, somewhere 
between the Fijis and the Tongas.” 

“Hit the high spots, won’t you,” begged 
Arkles. “It’s half past six.” 

“I myself,” Temple said, “was a super¬ 
numerary on the tramp. Alicia had suf¬ 
fered frightful exposure, had endured 
fever, was at times delirious. I made 
it my business to take her to a hospital 
in Honolulu. Later, as she convalesced 


there, she told me what she has now told 
you.” 

"And what did you do?” 

"I set out to find Septimus Cedar.” 
A raging storm was hidden within the 
calm with which Captain Temple spoke. 

“You went first,” I suggested, “to the 
place she last saw him?” 

“Yes. And found the pit. It was a good 
hundred feet deep. Anyone pushed into 
it would surely be killed. But I had my¬ 
self lowered, on a rope, to its bottom.” 

I didn’t want to ask the next question. 
Thinking of it made a cold spot form 
at the base of my spine. 

“Nothing was there,” Temple offered to 
my immeasurable relief. “Yet for that 
there was an obvious reason. A tunnel 
of sorts, led from the bottom of the pit 
and broke into daylight at the base of a 
marine cliff. The tunnel was merely a 
wave-washed crevice through the faulty 
rock. At every high tide the sea surged 
through it, although at low tide the bot¬ 
tom of the pit was dry.” 

His point was clear enough. A high 
tide swirling into the pit’s bottom twice a 
day would, receding, tend to suck all 
light objects, such as shells and bones, 
with it. Weeks and months of such hy¬ 
draulic action would swab the pit clean. 

“By what excuse,” I questioned, “did 
Septimus Cedar, in turn with each of five 
wives, visit the island?” 

“He had a bamboo bungalow at the 
place,” Temple said. “He kept a care¬ 
taker there, an old club-footed derelict 
by the name of Hargis.” 

“What became of Hargis?” 

“I myself found the body of Hargis, 
abed in the bamboo bungalow. The indi¬ 
cations led me to believe that he had 
died of fever.” 

“And Cedar?” 

“Was last seen in those parts by Rokh.” 
Captain Temple clapped his hands vigor¬ 
ously. In a moment Rokh appeared. 

"Hot on the trail of the mystery,” 



The Seventh Cedar 


107 


Temple explained, "I soon found Rokh. 
His testimony struck me as sincere, and 
it matches Alicia's. Come, Rokh—give 
ft to Mr. Conroy as briefly as possible.” 

“I have the only sea-going launch at 
Palika,” Rokh said. His response came 
so quickly that it might have been re¬ 
hearsed. 

"Where,” I wanted to know, “is Pali¬ 
ka?” 

“What’s the difference?” Bud Arkles 
complained. “If you must know, Palika 
is a village on an island separated by 
about a ten-hour, deep-water cruise from 
Cedar’s bungalow. Get along Rokh.” 

TkOKH continued. “Four times, Mr. Ce- 

1 dar he charter my launch to go with 
very new wife to this very pretty island. 
He have very nice bungalow there. Each 
time we get there, he tell me go back to 
Palika. He say maybe he live there little 
while with new wife. Always next time I 
see him at Palika he have another new 
wife. Five plenty nice wives he take to 
this very pretty island.” 

“Naturally you got suspicious, eh, 
Rokh?” Temple prompted. “So when 
you beached him there with his fourth 
bride, you did a bit of spying. Instead 
of heading, out to sea on your return trip 
to Palika, you prowled up through the 
jungle to see what you could see.” 

Rokh nodded his bald, brown head vig¬ 
orously. 

"And what did you see?” 

“I see Mr. Cedar push wife into pit.” 

"So what did you do then?” 

"I put to sea for Palika.” 

“You reported the murder there?” I 
asked severely. 

When Rokh shook his head, Temple 
came quickly to his rescue. “There’s no 
police force at Palika,” he said. 

Then he tried to make me understand 
that Rokh had lived too long amongst 
savages to concern himself with the uxori¬ 
cides of a Nordic. And what a man did 


with his own property, a wife by the East¬ 
ern code being a man’s property, was not 
vitally Rokh’s business. He was, however, 
convinced that the same fate had befallen 
the other three wives of Septimus Cedar. 
He knew that he had taxied them all to 
the island and never seen them again. 

“New was I able to find anyone who 
ever saw them again,” Temple said. “I 
put in a year at it.” 

“Are you sure they ever existed?” I 
was eying the Lascar suspiciously. 

“Quite sure of it,” Temple said. “Many 
of the Palika natives saw Septimus Cedar 
on each of the five occasions when he 
embarked from there with a wife.” 

Gravely and sympathetically I faced 
Alicia Carterall Cedar. She was staring 
straight ahead, her face pallid from the 
shock of these recollections. John Tem¬ 
ple stood with a brawny hand on her 
shoulder. Dinner for seven at seven 
o’clock, Temple had said. We here in the 
room were only four. Three more, there¬ 
fore, were due. 

I turned brusquely toward Rokh. “So 
while you weren’t setting the law on this 
man Cedar, you did summon up enough 
human decency to warn his fifth wife. 
Later, she escaped the clutches of Cedar 
and was rescued by your present master. 
In the meantime, after his vain pursuit 
of his wife, what did Septimus Cedar 
do?” 

“He bring his baggage down to the 
beach and say we go back to Palika. We 
go back to Palika. On the way there, he 
knock me overboard with capstan bar 
and go on alone.” 

Temple nodded confirmation. “Palika 
fishermen picked Rokh up half drowned. 
His launch was found beached just 
around a headland from Palika. Cedar 
disappeared, bag and baggage. He was 
never seen—until Alicia and I spotted 
him not long ago in New York.” 

‘You were living in New York then?” 
I asked. 



108 


Dime Detective Magazine 


“Yes. I hadn’t bought this country 
place then. In fact I bought it for the 
sole reason that the man we think is 
Septimus Cedar lives directly across the 
road.” 

fjPHAT left me gasping. Yet in one 
illuminating flash I saw Temple’s 
strategy. He was challenging Cedar. 
Every time the man fared forth from his 
house he must see this one—with its bold 
suggestion of a missing seventh cedar. 

“I had six mature cedars planted by a 
forester,” Temple explained. “That, I 
thought, would at least get a rise out of 
him.” 

“You mean that he denies he’s Septi¬ 
mus Cedar?” 

“Stoutly. That is I rang up his house 
from a pay station and asked for Septi¬ 
mus Cedar. ‘This is the house of Leonard 
Landren,’ the man, himself, answered. ‘No 
such person as Septimus Cedar has ever 
been here!’ ” 

“Are you sure it’s the same man?” 

"Alicia is sure of it. He hasn’t seen 
her yet, but she’s managed to see him 
many times. Having been his wife, she 
should be competent to identify him.” 

“What about Rokh?” 

“Rokh also positively identifies Lan¬ 
dren as Cedar,” Temple said. 

“Have you accused the man?” I asked. 

Temple shook his head. “In court or 
out of it,” he said, “he would simply 
deny he is Cedar. Then the case against 
him would fall flat.” 

And even if identified, I thought, the 
case against Cedar would be weak. His 
assault on Alicia was not committed, but 
merely contemplated. His alleged mur¬ 
ders of the first three wives were not 
witnessed. As to the fourth, the only 
witness was Rokh. Rokh would make 
none too convincing a witness. Aside 
from all that was the matter of jurisdic¬ 


tion. New Jersey courts were not con¬ 
cerned with South Sea murders. 

Temple admitted all that. "Alicia 
wanted to leave the entire busines alone,” 
he said. “In fact she insisted on it until 
a new development forced us to act.” 

“And that?” I inquired. 

"Is that Septimus Cedar is about to 
take to himself a sixth bride,” Temple an¬ 
nounced gravely. "She’s a local girl just 
out of school and so—well, we just can’t 
let it happen.” 

“I’ll say we won’t,” Bud Arkles barked 
savagely, whacking a fist into his other 
palm. “I’ll see him in hell first, damn 
him!” 

At last I was able to catalogue Arkles. 
The boy was, of course, either a kinsman 
or a close friend of the sixth bride-to-be. 

When I bluntly asked him which, the 
question confused him. Temple answered 
quickly for him. “A close friend, Con¬ 
roy. They went to school together.” 

So then I knew that Arkles was a dis¬ 
appointed sweetheart. A neighborhood 
romance, no doubt, with its bud just ripen¬ 
ing when along had come the dashing and 
much-married Septimus Cedar to spoil 
everything. 

“You can see my own position, Con¬ 
roy,” Temple said. “I could hardly go 
to the girl or her parents with my evi¬ 
dence in its present form.” 

I saw that clearly. 

“Yet Alicia is determined to save this 
young girl. Eve Marland, from tying up 
with Cedar. The man is twice the girl’s 
age, but he fascinates her. Since he would 
deny the identity, it would do no good 
merely to warn the girl. So Alicia sug¬ 
gested that we frighten him away. I 
tried that with a row of six cedars and a 
misnomer on the gate, but it produced no 
results.” 

“So next?” 

“I confided in Bud Arkles. So we 
plotted to meet Landren and Miss Mar- 



The Seventh Cedar 


109 


land as though by accident on a golf 
course. There Bud introduced me as a 
friend. I cultivated the acquaintance until 
it was mature enough to warrant inviting 
them to dinner.” 

“Except for the contradiction of six 
Cedars and the name over your gate, has 
the man any reason to suspect you as a 
challenger?" 

“None at all. I have kept Rokh out of 
sight. And Alicia, with her maid, only 
arrived this afternoon.” 

Just then the mantel clock struck seven. 
“They’re due now,” Temple said. “Fve 
invited them for dinner tonight.” 

“Septimus Cedar and his sixth?” I 
asked. 

Then I heard the front door ringing 
eerily through the house. “There they 
are,” John Temple said grimly. “Try 
to compose yourself, Alicia. Rokh, show 
them in.” 

CHAPTER TWO 

Dinner for Seven 

T>OKH went to confront the man who, 
unless we were absurdly astray, he 
had last encountered on the occasion of 
being batted overboard with a capstan 
bar. And here among us, Alicia Carterall 
sat waiting with such strained tension 
that we were all bound to share it. Sep¬ 
timus Cedar, we knew, did not expect 
to see her here. Nor had he seen her at 
all since she had broken away from him 
at the death pit. 

I moved to the hall arch, spying past 
the drapes there. I wanted a look at the 
fellow’s face at the first instant of his 
contact with Rokh. If guilty, surely such 
a startling encounter would surprise him 
into making some move or exclamation 
which would give himself away. 

When it distinctly failed to do so, I 
was almost ready to drop the case against 
Leonard Landren. He looked Rokh 
straight in the eyes without even a flush. 


“Well, here we are, Eve,” he said easily 
to the pretty young girl who entered with 
him. With a nonchalance not overdone 
he tossed his golf cap to the lascar and 
said: “We’re Miss Marland and Mr. 
Landren. And not late, I hope.” 

As Rokh came backing toward my por¬ 
tieres, they followed him. I got out of 
the way just in time. Then I took a post 
from which I could size up the man at his 
first sight of Alicia. She, I saw, was 
braced as for a blinding shock. 

She was seated directly in front of and 
facing the hall arch. The caller was bound 
to see her first of all when he entered the 
room. 

He did see her. But again he failed 
to flush. He permitted his eyes to rest 
upon her for a moment, impersonally; 
then, quite calmly at ease, he looked about 
for Temple. 

“Hello, Buddy. And how do you do, 
Mr. Temple.” Those greetings came from 
Eve Marland. This girl seemed even 
younger than I had been led to believe. 

Temple, making the best of it, intro¬ 
duced them to Alkia Carterall. Then he 
presented me. In Alicia, Landren seemed 
to take no more interest than is the due 
of any pretty woman. 

A single glance at Landren and one 
could understand why the girl had found 
him attractive. He was not only finely 
built and handsome, but he had the way 
of a man who has been everywhere and 
knows everything. 

“One of my guests,” I heard John 
Temple say, “has not arrived. We shall 
not, however, wait long.” 

Landren dropped easily into a chair 
beside Alicia. “You live hereabouts, Miss 
Carterall?” 

He faced her, smiling pleasantly. Which 
showed I thought, that he could not pos¬ 
sibly be the rogue we wanted. After push¬ 
ing four wives into a pit, surely no human 
could thus face a fifth who had escaped 
him! In this encounter, it was the woman 



110 


Dime Detective Magazine 


who was agitated. “No, I live in New 
York,” she said, and looked so upset that 
I went to her rescue. 

“You’re an old settler here in Sussex 
County, are you, Mr. Landren ?” 

Landren laughed. “Not I. I never set¬ 
tle long in one spot. Been here, though, 
nearly a year. Rather like it” 

T WENT out into the hall and found 
Rokh. “See here,” I said. “Is that the 
fellow you knew in the South Seas as 
Septimus Cedar?” 

“He are the man,” Rokh said. “He 
hit me here, knock me off boat.” 

Returning to the library, I found Eve 
and Arkles still paired, while Landren 
was engaged by some question of Tem¬ 
ple’s. That gave me a chance for a whis¬ 
pered aside with Alicia. “Is he Septimus 
Cedar?” I asked. 

She nodded quickly. “I am positive.” 

We were, I presumed, waiting for the 
seventh guest. A half dozen times, be¬ 
tween seven o’clock and seven thirty John 
Temple looked at his watch and frowned. 
Who, I kept wondering, was this person 
for whom we waited? 

At seven thirty Temple said to Rokh: 
“Ring him up, Rokh, and find out if he’s 
coming.” 

The lascar went out. He returned in 
about three minutes and reported that he 
had been unable to call the belated guest 
because the telephone was out of order. 

“We’ll wait no longer,” Temple said. 

He offered an arm to Eve Marland. 
[Without batting an eye, Leonard Landren 
offered his to Alicia who, by the record 
of testimony, had been his fifth wife. 
She was game enough to take it, though 
plainly she loathed the man. 

Temple and Eve Marland led the way 
into the hall, followed by Landren and 
Alicia. The left-overs, Arkles and myself, 
went next, while Rokh brought up the 
rear. 

In the dining room we found a table 


set for seven. There was no light other 
than candles aligned from end to end 
of the table. Each candle stick, I noted, 
was shaped like the bole of a tree and had 
the look and smell of red cedar. There 
were seven of these candles—yet only 
six of them were lighted. 

No apology was made for the unlighted 
candle. There it was; we could make of it 
what we would. 

John Temple took the head of the 
table, placing Eve at his left and Alicia 
at his right I was directed to the far 
end. Landren was placed next to Alida. 
His position was such that the unlighted 
candle stood squarely before him. 

On the other side of the table places 
were set for three. Two of these posi¬ 
tions were occupied by Eve Marland and 
Bud Arkles. They did not sit next to 
each other, though. Between them was 
an- empty chair—the place, presumably, 
of the unarrived guest. This vacant seat 
was directly across from Landren, with 
the unlighted candle directly between. 

An odd arrangement, surely, yet a polite 
guest could hardly question it Nor did 
Temple refer to it. All the while, I knew, 
he was posing an insidious challenge be¬ 
fore Landren. 

T ANDREN, bafflingly composed, di- 
rected a lively chatter at Alicia. He 
drew from her barely more than one- 
word responses, while Eve had no better 
luck with Arkles. 

“Buddy’s feeling low-spirited,” Eve 
said across the table. “Tell him a funny 
story, Leonard, and cheer him up.” 

Landren knew funny stories, and how 
to tell them. He took a ready command 
of the conversation through three courses, 
served awkwardly by Rokh. 

The lascar, when not engaged, took a 
post directly back of the empty chair. 
There he would stand with his bald, bullet 
head inclined forward and his eyes fixed 
in a baleful stare at Landren. Occasion- 



The Seventh Cedar 


111 


ally he touched the deep scar on his fore¬ 
head. And Landren faced it with no visi¬ 
ble disconcertion. With apparently per¬ 
fect innocence he faced the unlighted can¬ 
dle, the empty chair and Rokh. 

Nor did the presence of Alicia at his 
side in any way upset the man’s aplomb. 
I was aroused to envy at the way in which 
he served her pretty compliments. 

There was a false note somewhere, 
though. And at last I placed it. It was 
that Landren was too composed. He was 
ignoring the evident tension of Alicia. 
An innocent man, I decided, would note 
that; he would perhaps make some com¬ 
ment on it, or at least he would permit 
it to guide the flow of his chatter. 

Eve by now had noticed it. She 
knew something was afoot, was looking 
askance, now and then, from one to an¬ 
other of us. And that, I realized, was a 
natural reaction of innocence. Innocence 
would feel the tension in the air, and be 
subdued by it. It subdued Eve Marland. 
Yet Landren quite ignored it. 

Suddenly I knew that Landren was 
guilty as Satan himself. He was Septi¬ 
mus Cedar as Alicia said. 

Rokh was staring steadily at him now, 
across the empty chair and the unlighted 
candle. Which reminded me that I didn’t 
yet know for whom the empty chair had 
been provided. Hastily I reviewed the 
testimony of Rokh, of Alicia and of Tem¬ 
ple. Most of the characters involved were 
assembled here. Was one of them absent? 

There was, and after a moment of 
thought I placed him. What about that 
old, club-footed caretaker, Hargis? But 
Hargis was dead! Temple himself had 
found him dead. Even so, did the chair 
signify Hargis, confronting Landren in 
line with the unlighted candle? 

TVTOW, well along in Landren’s account 
of a tiger hunt, the bell of the front 
door rang shrilly. It cut raucously in on 


Landren’s recital and he was forced to 
pause while Temple said to Rokh: “There 
he is, at last. Well, better late than never. 
Show him in, Rokh.” 

The lascar withdrew. Stepping into 
the front hall, he closed the dining-room 
door behind him. Then he went forward 
to the main entrance of the house. We 
heard him open the door, heard the faint 
hum of his voice as he greeted a caller. 

He came back along the hall, conduct¬ 
ing the visitor toward us. We could not 
see, but we could hear. What we heard 
was a limping, clumping tread. Certain 
indication that this caller progressed un¬ 
der the handicap of some pedal affliction. 
He came bumping along down the hall, 
with an uneven cadence, as would a man 
with a wooden leg or a club foot. 

Hargis? Of course not, for Hargis 
was dead. But— 

Startled breathless, I almost forgot to 
watch Landren. When I did look his 
way, he seemed to be no mare than mild¬ 
ly curious. Certainly there were no moist 
beads on his forehead. 

Clump, clump! The steps reached the 
very door of our room. Then we were 
let down ridiculously. The lame visitor 
turned to one side down a narrower 
hall which I knew led to the study. In a 
moment Rokh came in alone. 

“Who was it, Rokh?” Temple asked. 

“Man come to fix telephone.” 

Did I only imagine that a smile of de¬ 
rision formed for an instant on the lips of 
Landren? Was the man laughing in his 
sleeve at this futile trap set by Temple?. 

I thought I could read defeat on my 
host’s face. Had he played his last card ? 
I saw him shrug his strong broad shoul¬ 
ders; then his eyes met Alicia’s. 

And now, as Temple weakened, Alicia 
seemed to grow more determined. The 
resolution of her slim, trim shoulders, the 
set of her lips, assured me that she did 
not mean to give up. Landren’s marriage 
with Eve Marland was due within the 



112 


Dime Detective Magazine 


week—unless Alicia Carterall and John 
Temple succeeded in revealing the true 
identity of a monstrous murderer. 

CHAPTER THREE 
The Man with the Club Foot 
INNER over, our procession back to 
the library was in different order. 
Alicia took possession of John Temple 
while Eve followed with her fiance. The 
older woman managed that in a frantic 
effort to hold a council of war. When 
I reached the library, Alicia had my host 
and client aside in an alcove. I could see 
that she was insisting upon some move 
to which he objected. 

Suddenly Temple beckoned to me. 
“Nothing’s left,” he said in a sotto voice, 
“but to accuse the devil to his face. My 
idea now is to take him into the study, 
alone, and give him until midnight to 
get out of the state forever. In that case 
we promise not to tell the facts to Eve 
and her family.” 

I agreed that the kindest thing we could 
do would be to let the girl think Landren 
merely a hounding deserter. 

But Alicia objected. She wanted to ac¬ 
cuse Landren, was sure she could do it 
more effectively than anyone else. 

While they argued, Rokh took the is¬ 
sue quite out of their hands. His voice 
startled us. Turning quickly, we saw 
that he was addressing, not Landren, but 
Eve Marland. “You are his sixth,” the 
lascar said to Eve. “When he tires of 
you he will push you into a deep pit. It 
was so with the others.” 

Rokh bowed, caressed the scar on his 
forehead and fixed a steady gaze on Lan¬ 
dren. Then, while we were all still gasp¬ 
ing, he backed from the room. 

Landren gaped after him. Then he 
turned with an assured smile and asked 
of Temple, “Is he screwy?” 

Eve, after a moment of speechless 
shock, exclaimed: “It isn’t at all funny. 


Leonard. I don’t like it. I want you to 
take me home.” 

Alicia went to her beseechingly. "Please 
be warned,” she said. “I myself heard 
that same warning and didn’t believe it. 
I was as loyal and trusting as you are 
now. And yet later he tried to push me 
into a pit.” 

I thought the girl would scream. But 
it seemed to freeze on her lips as she 
shrunk away from Alicia and clung close 
to Landren’s arm. “If it’s a joke, I don’t 
like it at all,” she said faintly. 

“I was his wife,” Alicia insisted. “His 
right name is Septimus Cedar.” 

Landren’s expression had been amused¬ 
ly tolerant. Now it became a bit impatient. 
“I’m like Eve,” he said. "If this is a 
joke, it doesn’t wash down a bit.” 

His arm went around the girl. “Let’s 
go home, Leonard.” She took his arm 
and urged him toward the door. 

But Landren didn’t retreat. “If there’s 
music,” he said with a shrug to Alicia, 
“let’s face it. Do you really think I’m 
someone else?” 

“I know you were my husband, Septi¬ 
mus Cedar.” 

“That’s perfectly wild!” Eve protested. 

“Please sit down, won’t you?” Alicia 
urged her gently. “You must hear what 
I have to say.” 

“Do, Eve,” Landren, himself, seconded. 

“I prefer to stand,” the girl said. 

She was perfectly sure, I saw, that 
Landren was impeccable. 

T>EGINNING her story, Alicia spoke 
directly to Eve in a tone infinitely 
gentle and compassionate. "You will 
know I tell the truth,” she said, “because 
of what it costs me. When I am through, 
a man who has honored me with an offer 
of his namfe will forever despise me. I 
have told him only part of the truth. 
When he hears the rest of it, he will know; 
me for a cheat, and hate me.” 



The Seventh Cedar 


113 


Beyond doubt she was referring to John 
Temple. I saw a blank astonishment grow 
now on Temple’s face. Beyond any doubt 
he had been asking Alicia to marry him 
all of these past three years. Now, em¬ 
bodied in her warning to Eve, she was 
telling him why she had refused. 

“When Septimus Cedar met and mar¬ 
ried me,” Alicia said, “I was a trapeze 
performer in an Australian circus, by sum¬ 
mer. Winters I had bit parts in a stock 
company. Soon after he married me, Mr. 
Cedar put me up at a Honolulu hotel and 
went away on business. He was scouting 
for new pearl beds, he said. 

"At a bamboo bungalow which he kept 
on an almost deserted island he came upon 
a fugitive thief. He recognized the man 
as Guy Affering, a trust officer who once 
absconded from New York with a large 
fortune in cash.” 

Guy Affering! Immediately I remem¬ 
bered the case. The man had absconded, 
years ago, with more than a million dol¬ 
lars and had never been found. 

Eve was still high-chinned and hostile 
toward Alicia, and Landren was still half 
tolerant and half impatient But Alicia 
had their ears, anyway. Arkles, Temple 
and I moved closer. To one side, I 
glimpsed Rokh as he peered from be¬ 
hind the draperies at the hall arch. 

"My husband,” Alicia said, “accosted 
ffie fugitive by his right name. Affering, 
an old man with a misshapen foot, at first 
denied the Identity. But after a few nights 
of heavy drinking he admitted he was 
Affering. What of it? His only crime 
was larceny, and from here they could 
not extradite him. In any case the cash 
was safely buried on the island. 

“To get it for himself, my husband took 
pains to woo the confidence of Affering. 
He befriended the old cripple, who was 
in ill health from a succession of fevers 
and half mad from lonely brooding. He 
told Affering to make himself at home 


at the bungalow. If anyone chanced to 
stop by he could call himself Hargis, thg 
caretaker.” 

Landren interrupted. "Do I under¬ 
stand,” he inquired without heat, “that 
when you say your ‘husband, Septimus 
Cedar,’ you refer to myself?” 

"I do,” Alicia said, keeping her gaze 
on Eve. Eve was the color of chalk. To 
her Landren whispered: “It’s crazy, dear. 
But let’s hear her out.” 

“Nights of drinking there with Affer¬ 
ing,” Alicia said, “disclosed to my hus¬ 
band the reasons for the old man’s in¬ 
sane brooding. Safely aflight and using 
a new name, Affering had married a 
young blond girl at San Diego, California. 
Forty years his junior, she had married 
him for his money with the idea of spend¬ 
ing it with a chosen lover. Old Affering 
found that out when she filed suit for 
divorce and half his estate, on a trumped- 
up charge. He didn’t dare fight the suit 
because it would expose him, a fugitive, 
to the scrutiny of the courts. So he ran 
off, taking all his cash with him, to South 
America. It was during that period of 
his career that a street car crushed his 
foot, maiming him for life. 

“Three times later in his wanderings he 
again married, each time to a young girl. 
His second was a Chilena at Iqueque; 
his third a Russian in the Slavic colony 
at Shanghai; his fourth was a Kanaka 
girl from the island of Maui. 

"The Chilena probably played fair with 
him,” Alicia said. “But the old man was 
jealous of her young friends. He was 
bitter, in a state of mind to imagine in¬ 
fidelities. His next, the Shanghai Russian, 
was a tartar. She tried to poison him. 
Affering found it out and left her for the 
Kanaka on Maui, where again he imagined 
infidelities which did not exist. He ended 
up half crazy with bitterness at my hus¬ 
band’s bamboo refuge on the island. 



114 


Dime Detective Magazine 


“There, in his drinking bouts with my 
husband, he constantly heaped impreca¬ 
tions against his four deserted wives. ‘I 
should have throttled them all,’ he would 
rage. ‘If I weren’t a coward and a cripple, 
I’d go back and do it now’.” 

tTVHE ordeal of this recital was taking 
a terrific toll from Alicia. She halted 
it for a moment, during which I tried to 
picture the mentality of Affering as he 
rotted amongst the weeds of his bitter¬ 
ness on that island. 

“One night in his cups,” Alicia said, 
“he offered to give all of his money to 
the man who would do it for him. My 
husband was interested. He led the dis¬ 
cussion on. Immediately he saw a way to 
deceive the old man—he saw a way to 
make it appear that the four women were 
murdered when really there was no vio¬ 
lence at all. His first idea was to go 
away and return in a suitable time with 
faked news accounts telling of four sepa¬ 
rate homicides. 

"Now he bargained with Affering 
through many nights of drinking. Finally 
he got the names and addresses of the 
four women. But Affering was sharp 
enough to see the news accounts could 
be faked. So he would not trust them. 
fThe four women must be brought to the 
island one by one and killed before Affer- 
ing’s eyes. Affering, a coward, would him¬ 
self have no contact with the crimes. He 
would merely watch from a distance. 
Then he would pay the price.” 

Eve Marland, by now, was gripped with 
horror. One small white fist was pushed 
against her lips. Landren stood with his 
arm around her, keenly attentive. What 
struck me most forcibly was the revela¬ 
tion that the four wives were not, after 
all, Cedar’s, but Affering’s. 

“My husband,” Alicia resumed, “pre¬ 
tended to agree. One of the approaches 
to the bamboo bungalow was a path be¬ 


side which was a deep pit. The plot 
finally hatched was this: as the agent ar¬ 
rived in turn with each wife, he would 
lead her toward the bungalow along that 
path. Affering would be watching from 
the bungalow. A certain signal would sig¬ 
nify that he saw the couple coming. Then 
in each case the agent would topple the 
victim into the pit.” 

My throat was dry when I asked: “But 
surely you, Miss Carterall, didn’t agree 
to lend yourself to any such monstrous 
deceptions ?” 

She shot a pleading glance toward John 
Temple. “I thought I was lending my¬ 
self only to the saving of four lives.” 

Temple’s hand was on her shoulder. 
“Of course, Alicia,” he said gently. 

I could see now why she had refrained 
from telling him of these horrors before. 
Though her motives at the time were 
honest, later knowledge of the facts had 
shamed her. She bared them now only as 
a last bitter resort to warn Eve Marland. 

“Affering gave my husband four letters, 
one to each wife. Each letter said he was 
side and dying, and for the woman to 
come. ‘They’ll come fast enough,’ he said 
bitterly, ‘for they each want my money.’ 

“My husband then went to Honolulu, 
where I had been all this while. He told 
me about the plan, but entirely distorted 
his motive for pretending to comply. He 
is a very persuasive man. Miss Marland. 
And I was infatuated with him, as you 
are now. His method of pretending to 
comply was this : we would go in turn 
to San Diego, Iqueque, Shanghai and 
Maui. Without accosting any of them, 
we would observe each woman; I, who 
had worked on the stage, would prepare 
a costume and make-up for each one. 

“The motive he gave me for pretend¬ 
ing to comply was that if he refused, then 
Affering would seek another agent. Ha 
would entrust those errands of murder 
to the first beachcomber who came along. 



The Seventh Cedar 


115 


and in the end his offer would be ac¬ 
cepted. So why not make him think the 
crimes had been consummated? What 
harm would there be in deceiving him? 
My husband, glib and convincing, made 
me think it a fine, chivalrous crusade. For 
pay, Affering would give my husband the 
cash fortune, which would then be sent 
anonymously to the New York trust com¬ 
pany from which it had been embezzled. 
Don’t you see, every end of justice would 
be served!" 

T^OR a moment we were all breathless. 
A Instead of being absurdly fantastic, 
the thing now was really beginning to 
seem neatly plausible. 

Yet Landren chose to exclaim: “Amaz¬ 
ing, my dear young lady! As I under¬ 
stand, the first four wives were Affer- 
ing’s; only the fifth was mine, and she 
.doubled for the victims at each murder!” 

His vein of sarcasm was plain enough. 
Alicia ignored him, faced Eve. 

“We did it,” she said. “Four times from 
a distance, the rheumy eyes of Affering 
saw me pushed into the pit. But a swing 
had been erected in it, in each case, un¬ 
beknownst to Affering. As an ex-trapeze 
artist, it was easy for me to catch the 
swing, then to lower myself on a rope 
to the bottom. From there I crawled 
through the tunnel to the beach, hiding 
under the cliff until my husband had a 
chance to pick me up.” 

“Did you deceive Affering on all four 
occasions?” I asked. 

“We thought we did, but probably we 
didn’t. Or maybe Affering simply welched 
on the bargain. Anyway he declined to 
turn over the money. I was at Nukualofa 
when it happened. But when my husband 
returned to me, he did not admit the 
failure. He told me that he had received 
the money from Affering and had shipped 
it anonymously to the rightful owners.” 


“For what reason would he tell you 
that?” 

"To keep me from writing letters of 
warning to the four threatened wives. If 
I did that, I would start a hornet’s nest 
buzzing. Affering would soon have visi¬ 
tors. He would no longer be a private 
mark for my husband, who still hoped to 
get the money. 

"After a while,” Alicia told us, “I be¬ 
gan to worry about Affering. He was 
now just a broken old cripple, sick and 
dying on a lonely island. I had conspired 
to deceive him, so now I thought of him 
and pitied him. I insisted that we take 
him supplies of food and medicine. When 
my husband agreed, I mistook his motive 
for kindness. Actually he merely wanted 
to stalk that buried fortune once again. 

“We went. This time I was in my true 
character. Rokh did not recognize me as 
the Nordic blonde, the Iqueque Chilena, 
the Shanghai Slav or the brown Kanaka 
he had transported on earlier occasions. 
Thinking me a fifth wife, he warned me.” 

AT THAT statement of Alicia’s, I 
could no longer doubt any part of 
the story. It made Rokh’s testimony match 
perfectly with Alicia’s. 

“Reaching the island,” she said, “we 
left Rokh on the beach with his boat and 
climbed to the hill-top bungalow. There 
we found Affering dead in bed. He had 
succumbed to fever. Toward the last, how¬ 
ever, he apparently had made a desperate 
effort to gather up his loot and get away. 

"How did you gather that?” I asked. 

“Because we saw all of the long-buried 
money right there on the table. Septimus 
Cedar tried to explain away the lie he had 
told me about the return of the money. 
Disgusted, I refused to listen to his pro¬ 
testations. As I left the bungalow he took 
my arm to guide me—it was dark—and 
as he argued we moved along that jungle 



116 


Dime Detective Magazine 


path toward the cliff. Suddenly I saw the 
pit. This time there was no swing or rope 
in it. And I felt my husband’s grip tight¬ 
en on my arm. He intended to kill me 
so that he could take the money with¬ 
out it being known.” 

“Soyou escaped?” Landren asked even¬ 
ly of Alicia. “Now please let us. Tins 
has been rather exhausting, you know.” 

He directed a weary smile first at Tem¬ 
ple, then at Arkles, then at me. We re¬ 
turned it with frigid stares. John Tem¬ 
ple’s hand was still resting lightly on Ali¬ 
cia’s shoulder. It must have told her that 
the new light she had thrown on the mat¬ 
ter made no difference. 

Nor was Eve Marland less loyal to 
the man who called himself Landren. 
What flashed through my own lawyer’s 
mind was this: there was really nothing 
on Landren, even if we baited him into 
admitting he was Cedar. Cedar had mur¬ 
dered no one. 

More and more it was clear that all 
we could hope for was to make Eve Mar- 
land see that he was Cedar. 

“Please take me home, Leonard,” she 
said now. 

And Alicia beseeched her: “Please be 
convinced. I was his wife. He can’t look 
at me and deny it.” 

But Landren could—and did. 

Then he permitted Eve to draw him 
toward the door. Alicia followed, still pro¬ 
testing courageously. “Very well,” she 
said. “He is brazen enough to face me. 
But could he face the four wives of 
Affering?” 

That challenged them into stopping. 
“Are you going to pull them out of a 
hat?” came derisively from Landren. 

Alicia said in a breathless rush to Eve: 
“It’s a test he can’t face. I dare him to 
try. I mean I dare him to look at me as 
I was made up to deceive Affering.” 

Eve’s eyes were like saucers. 

Alicia said: “In a trunk upstairs I have 


all four of those costumes. My maid is 
there to help me make up. 

“He’s afraid to,” she said tensely to 
Eve. She had, I guessed, some ace in the 
hole. “He’s afraid,” she challenged. 
“There’s evidence in those four characters 
which he cannot face. And he knows it.” 

Her words fired our imaginations. And 
to Landren they, gave no choice. If he 
withdrew now he would seem to retreat 
in poor order from new and vital evi¬ 
dence. “Let’s see it through, Eve,” he 
sighed. “And we might as well make 
ourselves comfortable.” 

When he had induced Eve to sit down, 
Alicia Carterall left us. We heard her 
run up the steps tb her room. 

CHAPTER FOUR 
The Seventh Cedar 

TN a remarkably short time Alicia came 
1 down made up to represent the first 
of Affering’s four wives. I was disap¬ 
pointed, for the deception was not par¬ 
ticularly effective. The San Diego woman 
had been described as a blonde, and Alicia 
had had no time to treat the blackness of 
her own hair. 

She had overcome that drawback par¬ 
tially by concealing her hair under a 
jaunty yatching cap. She wore white duck 
trousers and a middy blouse, and was 
smoking a cigarette. Her lips and cheeks 
were redder and she had done something 
to her eyebrows. “It would be fairer if 
we had moonlight,” she said. 

When she turned off all the lights ex¬ 
cept one dim, yellow globe in a far comer, 
the deception was slightly improved. 

Like a manikin Alicia posed before 
Landren, turning so that he saw each 
profile. “Her hobby was boating, you 
remember,” she reminded Landren. “It 
was in this dress we saw her, so we 
copied it Isn’t that so?” 



The Seventh Cedar 


"You know,” Landren said to Eve, 
"I’m really beginning to believe she’s 
sincere, and that she has me confused 
with someone else.” 

"My maid has the next costume ready 
and I’ll be down again quickly,” Alicia 
said. "Be patient, please.” 

She hurried out and up die stairs. As 
we waited in the gloom, I spoke in an 
undertone to Temple. "This is no part 
of your program ?” 

“It is not,” he said. “And I can’t see 
her object.” 

A Chilena, a Russian and a Kanaka, 
I was thinking, would be brunettes. 
Therefore Alicia, herself a brunette, 
would be better fitted for those parts. 
With stage experience and a maid to help 
her, she could make quick changes. 

When Alicia appeared before us as the 
Chilena, she was much more convincing. 
Over her head was a crimson mantilla, 
its fold pushed back just far enough to 
show her fine, ebon hair. This hair was 
now center-parted. The ends of the man¬ 
tilla hung forward over her shoulders. 
Her dress had a laced bodice and a short, 
wide skirt, and in this, hands at hips, she 
whirled like a dervish before Landren. 

“It was my scream,” she reminded him 
softly, “which helped most to deceive 
Affering. You remember how I always 
screamed when you pushed me into the 
pit. Like this.” 

Alicia screamed, ear-splittingly. It was 
enough to curdle one’s blood. If Landren 
lost color, we couldn’t blame him. For 
so did all of us. Then, in a flash, Alicia 
was gone. 

TN a little while Alicia appeared before 

us as the Shanghai Russian. This time 
she looked weirdly wicked. She wore 
long, jade earrings. The slave bracelets 
on her wrists were coiled silver serpents 
and her slim figure was tightly gowned 
in ankle-length satin. Her painted face 


115? 


was dappled with round black spots. A 
feather fan half hid it as she weaved 
sinuously in the gloom before Landren. 

"Do you remember,” she challenged, 
“what a time we had duplicating these!” 
She shook the twin bracelets before the 
eyes of Landren. "That Shanghai girl 
had wheedled them out of Affering. Fail¬ 
ing to duplicate them, you posed as a 
collector and actually bought the originals 
from the girl. Later, as I straggled in 
your grasp by the pit, one of them came 
off and fell on the path. Seen there next 
day by Affering, it was compelllngly con¬ 
vincing.” 

“Take me away, Leonard!” Eve Mar- 
land pleaded. She was clinging as loyally 
as ever to Landren’s arm. “Please!" 

"But there’s only one more model, I 
believe,” Landren said. “So let’s see it 
through. Would you mind getting done 
with it quickly. Miss Carterall?” 

“I shall get done with it quickly 
enough,” Alicia promised, and left us. 

That last be tween-acts interval was 
solemn and silent. I myself was anything 
but confident. Alicia had paraded in three 
characters without, as far as I could tell, 
making any impression upon Landren. 

At last the fourth and final model ap¬ 
peared before us. This time she was 
really convincing. Here, as real as life, 
seemed to be a chocolate-skinned Kanaka. 
I was amazed that Alicia could have so 
transformed herself thus swiftly. Nor 
had she depended much on ornaments or 
properties of costume. Her dress was a 
simple house frock. Her head and arms 
were bare. 

Bare and as brown as India! No won¬ 
der we stared. 

The model posed for a long minute 
before Landren; then, quite suddenly, the 
lights came on. 

Instantly Landren was on his feet. 
One single word was shocked from him— 
“Kalanilu!” 



118 


Dime Detective Magazine 


“That is my name,” the model said. 
And the voice was not Alicia's. 

Then the truth flashed. Instead of com¬ 
ing down herself, Alicia had sent her 
maid. And the maid not only looked like 
the Kanaka bride of Guy Affering, but 
she was that very girl. 

Suddenly Alicia, still dressed as the 
Shanghai vampire, appeared beside her 
Kanaka maid. “Septimus Cedar knows 
her name, of course,” she said to Eve, 
“although I have not mentioned it.” . 

Only for a brief moment did the sur¬ 
prise shatter Landren’s defense. But it 
was long enough. Eve had seen his face 
in that moment, and heard his one spoken 
word. He had given himself away. 

Expecting to see a mere imitator, sud¬ 
den sight of the real article had proved 
too much for him. It had slipped his 
mask, and I could only marvel at the 
genius of the thrust. It far outshone any 
which had been offered by Temple. What 
a fine foundation had been laid in the 
deliberate parade of three spurious char¬ 
acters! Then, when she had him smugly 
off guard, Alicia had bowled him over 
with the real thing. 

T ANDREN was trying to right himself 
with Eve. But Eve was backing away 
from him. She was disillusioned. That 
one peep behind the mask had been 
enough. Instantly she was through for¬ 
ever with Landren. Gazing at him with 
a growing horror, she took the ring from 
her finger. 

When she held it toward him, he de¬ 
clined to take it. It fell with a tinkle to 
the floor. When Landren stepped toward 
her, arms futilely outstretched, his own 
foot crushed it. 

Then Temple’s voice boomed decisively. 
“Rokh, please show Mr. Cedar to the 
gate. Not merely to the door, Rokh, but 
to the gate.” 


Septimus Cedar turned on his heel and 
left the room. Rokh followed. They went 
out the front door, and we heard it bang 
shut behind them. Then, possibly half a 
minute later, I thought I heard some sort 
of cry out there. I wasn’t sure, though. 
Those with me were too engrossed to 
hear anything at all. 

The maid had gone upstairs. Eve was 
crying, while Bud Arkles vainly tried to 
comfort her. John Temple was speaking 
earnestly aside with Alicia. 

Lighting a cigar, I puffed it thought¬ 
fully. After a while I tried to join Temple 
and Alicia, but there I found three to 
be a crowd. So I strolled across the hall 
to the gunroom. Once more three made 
a crowd, for I found Eve and Bud seated 
on a bench, the girl weeping on the boy’s 
shoulder. 

There seemed nothing for me to do 
but pace the hall and chew on another 
cigar. 

Half an hour later I went out on the 
dark front porch. The sky was overcast, 
not a star or moon in sight. 

It was trying to storm. The atmosphere 
was depressingly sultry. Occasionally the 
horizon gave a wink of lightning. In one 
of them I glimpsed the six cedars. And 
I thought I saw Rokh engaged in seme 
odd chore to the right of the rightmost 
cedar. There was only the split-second 
glimpse of him. It exposed him with a 
garden spade in the inexplicable act ef 
tossing a shovelful of earth into a newly 
dug hole. 

“Rokh!” I shouted, but he did not 
answer. Perhaps, I thought, I was mis¬ 
taken. It was as dark as Egypt again. 
Yet in a few minutes there came another 
wink of storm light. This time I was sure 
I saw Rokh. He was at the same spot, still 
to the right of the rightmost cedar, and 
this time I saw him patting down a block 
of sod with his spade. 



When the dark girl—stark horror in her eyes—handed Johnny Connell 
that cryptic note in the hotel lobby, he never guessed it would be the. 
initial twist that would turn a murder set-up into a — 



J OHNNY CONNELL had seen the 
dark girl once or twice about the 
hotel, but he had never spoken to 
her, didn’t know her name. She had a 
lovely mouth, finely curved, and dark eyes 
above it that were uncertain and anxious 
in a pale young face. Now she seemed to 
be coming to him straight across the lobby, 
smiling with the slightest trembling of 


her lips, both hands outstretched to him. 

“Jack Ballard,” she cried, with the 
smile wavering desperately. “How nice 
seeing you! When did you get in?” 

Johnny Connell was puzzled. “I’m 
sorry,” he said. “There must—” 

She did not turn her head, but her eyes 
moved quickly to the man at her shoulder, 
and her palm, gripping closer against 
lift 



120 


Dime Detective Magazine 


Johnny’s pushed a square of paper into 
his hand. He stopped speaking and in 
the same instant the girl released him, 
stepped back, her laugh brittle, forced. 

“I’m so sorry,” she said. “Of course 
it’s a mistake. You aren’t Jack Ballard at 
all, are you? Do forgive me.” 

The tall, dark man standing behind her 
had dead black hair worn long at the back, 
almost like a mane; his mouth was narrow 
and wide under high brows arched over 
heavily lidded black eyes. He did not 
speak, nor did the girl again, but her 
strained features kept telling Johnny Con¬ 
nell something. When he dropped his 
hand to his side with the paper still hid¬ 
den in it he thought he detected sudden 
relief in her expression. 

“Of course,” Johnny Connell said. He 
bowed; the tall man bowed. The girl 
smiled brilliantly, took her companion’s 
arm, said, “Sorry,” again, and moved 
away. 

Johnny Connell stared after them, puz¬ 
zled. When they vanished inside the ele¬ 
vator cage he opened his palm, glanced at 
the paper. It was heavy linen, folded in 
quarters, still damp from her touch. On 
the outside was written in a woman’s 
hand: To Mr. Paul Aberdeen, 12 Folsotn 
Road, North. Won’t you take this over 
at once, Nick? 

Frowning, Johnny Connell turned it 
over and looked inside. There was more 
writing on the inner fold but he did not 
read that. After a moment he put it in 
his pocket and crossed to the elevator. 

J OHNNY left the cage at the ninth floor 
and turned down the corridor to the 
room he shared with Nick Mallory. Nick 
was a blond young man with white teeth 
and a nice grin; he played the saxophone 
in the hotel orchestra from nine to one. 
When Johnny came into the room he was 
standing before the dresser mirror, tying 
a black bow around his wing collar. 


“How’s the little Rock Mountain golf 
pro?” he asked cheerfully. 

“Fine,” Johnny Connell said seriously, 
giving him the note. “I just got this down¬ 
stairs in the lobby. It must be for you, 
Romeo. A dark girl gave it to me just now 
—the one I saw you talking to last night.” 

The cheerfulness went out of Nick’s 
face; it twisted a little under suddenly 
sullen eyes. He straightened out the ends 
of his tie, got into his coat, picked up the 
note and put it down again. He went half¬ 
way to the door and then stopped. 

Johnny Connell said quietly: “It can’t 
be as bad as all that. If you want to tell 
Papa—” 

“Why not?” Nick said. His anile was 
crooked. “It’s an old story and you heard 
it before. Not that there’s a hell of a lot 
to it, Johnny. I knew the girl when she 
was Diane Aberdeen; she danced in a 
night club back in New York while I was 
in the house orchestra. Young love—” 
He waved his hand, tried to grin. “Soft 
music and stuff like that. I guess I’d been 
seeing too many movies. I figured on 
marrying her when a banker’s kid turned 
up—this Noel French that died on her 
two months back. You know how it ends, 
don’t you?” 

Nick kept smiling broadly. “She gives 
this millionaire boy the gate; I didn’t have 
any money but what was that? She loved 
me and she gave up everything for me.” 
After a moment he added tiredly: “Nuts. 
It wasn’t a movie. I woke up one morn¬ 
ing and saw it all in the papers. They’d 
been married in Greenwich. So what?” 
He laughed with a kind of leaden sound. 

Johnny Connell didn’t say anything. 
Nick looked down at him, repeated: “I’m 
not a sucker. I was once and I learned 
something from it. I learned to stay clear. 
She tried to speak to me last night when 
you saw us but I ducked her. You can 
forget them, Johnny—any of them. I—” 




Suicide Pact 


121 


He stopped; his eyes were suddenly dark 
and miserable. 

“Who’s this Aberdeen she wants the 
note to go to? Her father?” 

“I guess,” Nick said. “Hazel—her 
mother—married twice. I met Paul Aber¬ 
deen, the first one, Diane’s father. He and 
Hazel played second-class vaudeville 
houses all their lives. The old lady raised 
up Diane as a dancer, took her around 
with them on their trips. She divorced 
Aberdeen two years ago and married some 
Spaniard.” 

Johnny Connell remembered the tall 
man in the lobby. His eyes grew thought¬ 
ful and he moved one hand toward the 
note. “What are you going to do with 
that?" 

“Nothing,” Nick Malloiy told him, the 
darkness coming back into his eyes. “Slip 
it into an envelope and give it to a bellhop 
if you want.. She could have phoned him.” 

“Suppose she couldn’t?” Johnny said. 

“Couldn’t?” Nick stared at him. 
“What’s to stop her? Can’t you see what 
it is ? This French is dead now and she 
has all the money she’ll ever need. She 
liked me once and when she sees me here 
she thinks it’d be nice if we—” He turned 
with his eyes savage, went over to the 
dresser, poured out a drink. 

Johnny Connell looked doubtful. He 
said: “Maybe you’re wrong. She’s just 
a kid, Nick—she looked scared as hell.” 

Nick pulled his coat smooth over his 
shoulders and crossed to the door. He 
said with it half open: “The old army 
game. You’ll wise up, Johnny. I did.” 

CK went out, slamming the door, and 
in a moment Johnny Connell got up, 
roamed absently over to the window. A 
funny guy, Nick—trying to kid himself, 
trying to be hard, when he wasn’t really, 
underneath. And the girl — She had 
looked frightened, no matter what Nick 


said. Johnny Connell wondered what had 
scared her. 

The buzzer sounded. Johnny Connell 
crossed the room and opened the door. 
The tall Spaniard who had been with the 
girl downstairs bowed in at him from the 
corridor. 

He had a quiet, slightly harsh voice; 
while he spoke his heavily lidded eyes 
seemed fixed on Johnny Connell’s nose. 
He said: “Mrs. French is sorry about 
the mistake. She did not wish to trouble 
you. The resemblance, unfortunately—” 
He shrugged and his thin lips drew in 
without looking much like a smile. His 
right hand came out, palm up. “You will 
let me have the note now, please.” 

Connell said: “I don’t understand.” 

The Spaniard’s lips contracted; his hand 
moved fast. Johnny Connell was surprised 
at its grip. It fastened on his arm, swung 
him easily to one side, as it might a child, 
before he had time to brace himself. The 
Spaniard went past him into the room. 

Johnny left the door open and took 
three long steps. When he was before the 
Spaniard again his face was no longer 
pleasant. He said: “Get out of my room.” 

The Spaniard looked from under droop¬ 
ing lids at Johnny almost quizzically, 
without answering. Then he turned away 
saw the note on the table where Nick 
Mallory had dropped it. His hand had 
nearly closed on it when Johnny Connell 
hit him. 

He got to his feet slowly, all the blood 
in his face gathered beneath the dark 
bruise just under his jaw. When Johnny 
Connell said again, “Get out,” his body 
twitched; his chest moved deeply, with¬ 
out sound. 

The Spaniard moved unsteadily, like 
a drunkard, back to the door. He kept 
watching Johnny Connell, silently, with 
his insane eyes, until the panel of brown 
wood shut him off. 

When he had gone Johnny Connell 



122 


Dime Detective Magazine 


rubbed his knuckles. Why would the girl 
send him up now to get the note? Ten 
minutes ago she hadn’t wanted him to 
know anything about it Staring at the 
note, Johnny could see her lovely mouth 
and the terrified look in her eyes. A girl 
like that, scared—and then this bird— 

Johnny Connell swore. He took the 
note from the table, grabbed a light gray 
coat from the closet and went out to the 
hall. In the lobby he stopped just long 
enough to get directions from the night 
clerk for finding Folsom Road. 

AUGUST was the busy season for 
Rock Mountain. Outside the resort 
hotel, village streets that would be de¬ 
serted in winter were now crowded with 
groups of vacationists. Guitar music 
strummed faintly in from the lake over 
the lazy slap slap of oars; far off a girl 
laughed, and the sound came to Johnny 
Connell thin, tinkling. It set him think¬ 
ing about Diane and he was thinking about 
her as he reached Folsom Road. 

There were no street lights but most of 
the houses were lit, and he stopped his 
roadster at the sixth one in—a three-story 
frame residence with a square dark porch 
facing the road. His ring was answered 
by a pleasant-looking woman with gray 
hair and a plump face. 

“Mr. Aberdeen?” she said. “I’m afraid 
he just left. If you’d like to come in and 
wait I’m sure he’ll be back shortly.” 

She smiled at him again and Johnny 
Connell went in, followed her brisk feet 
up to the third landing. There was a 
small space here barred off by walls of 
new plaster, with doors on either side. 
The woman opened one on the left. 

“There.” She snapped on a wall light 
in the room, watched him sit down, patted 
her clean apron anxiously. “Just make 
yourself comfortable. Mr. Aberdeen al¬ 
ways wants his guests brought up. I’m 
sure he won’t be long.” 


Johnny Connell put his hat on the table 
and looked around after she left him. It 
was a sitting roan, not large, rather drab. 
There was a grass rug on the floor, some 
pieces of worn wicker furniture scattered 
around, a tall lamp at the farther side that 
wasn’t Kt. The wall bulb threw a weak 
glow over his chair, but left the rest of 
the room shadowy and vague, save for 
the dull glitter of a brass smoking stand 
lying flat on the floor near the farther 
wall. Just under the edge of the stand 
there was a woman’s shoe. 

It made Johnny Connell uneasy, he 
didn’t know why. He got up and took a 
restless step, staring at the shoe. One 
shoe. Where— He turned and looked 
over the rug, walked to one side so that 
he could see behind a chair. The mate 
wasn’t anyplace. There was a thick reddish 
stain on the sharp edge of the heel. 

Johnny Connell began to feel intensely 
hot. He wondered what the hell was the 
matter with him. The quietness of course 
—nerves. Anybody might have had a 
nosebleed. Taking the smoking stand with 
him, he went back to his chair and sat 
down. 

Five minutes went by—ten. Nothing at 
all happened. His eyes began to ache and 
he realized suddenly that he had been 
staring at the door on the far side of the 
room ever since his cigarette went out. 
The door was closed; shadows were thick 
over it. If there was a bathroom inside 
there, where he could get some water— 
His throat was parched. Aberdeen 
shouldn’t care if—• 

He got up quickly and walked over, 
opened the door. It was dark inside, 
though not wholly so; he could see pale 
curtains motionless at a window, the paler 
white splotch of a bed. There was some¬ 
thing on the bed. 

Johnny Connell stayed where he was, in 
the doorway, something inside his stomach 
cold and hard. The quietness was like 



Suicide Pact 


123 


death. The thing on the bed didn’t move. 
Even before he forced himself to go over 
to it Johnny Connell knew that it would 
never move. 

TTHE woman had her face down on the 
-*■ coverlet. She had black hair, cropped 
close, and below it on her neck a thin 
strand of Cord was drawn tight into the 
puffed flesh. Her feet dangled over the 
edge of the bed and one shoe was missing. 

Her fingers were drawn up in a fist, on 
a blanket folded at the foot of the bed. 
Johnny Connell touched it briefly, went 
back to the sitting room with his face pale 
and hard. Just inside the door he heard 
steps on the outer stairs. While he stood 
there the corridor door opened, and a 
small man in white pants and a blue coat 
came in. 

The small man stopped. Johnny Con¬ 
nell said: “I was asked to bring this note 
to you. Your daughter—” He had to 
clear his throat “You’re Mr. Aberdeen ?’ 

The small man came into the light. 
He blinked quickly, furrowing the flesh 
of his forehead into ridges, read the note 
and put it in his pocket, his head bent 
slightly to one side so that he still looked 
up at Johnny Connell. Then he turned, 
his eyes darting to the bedroom door, and 
Johnny, turning too, saw that he had left 
it open behind him. 

The small man’s face blurred and ran 
together. Words, tears, tumbled out 
brokenly; his hands came up and pawed. 
“I didn’t— Before God— It’s a plant, 
kid. I came home and she was there, like 
you saw her. God’s truth.” He stuttered, 
gasped; his lips wobbled. 

Connell said: “Who killed her?” 

Aberdeen came close, his eyes moving 
anxiously up and down over the other’s 
face. “I’m telling you, kid—God’s truth. 
I came home from the movies and there 
she is, where you see her. The first tiling I 
thought was to get a train out of here. 


Then they’d find her tomorrow, and if 
I left like that everyone would think I 
killed her. I thought then I could leave 
her on a road somewhere so they wouldn’t 
know where it happened.” 

Johnny Connell watched him. He asked 
after a moment: “Don’t you even know 
her? She couldn’t get in here without 
being seen. Your landlady would have—” 

“No, no.” His words beat out feebly. “I 
asked Mrs. Harris did anybody come. She 
didn’t know because she’d been over at her 
mother’s and just got back. She just made 
the place over into apartments. There’s no 
bells yet for the different ones so she 
leaves the porch door open all the time. 
Tonight she’s out and so am I. Anybody 
could’ve come up. Who’d have seen 
them?” 

“Then you don’t know who she is?” 

Aberdeen hesitated, shifting his eyes. 
After a silence he admitted: “I know her. 
Her name’s Esther Greenberg. She—she 
was a nurse.” He raised his hands, caught 
Johnny Connell’s lapels. “You go see 
Diane. Tell her Miss Greenberg’s dead— 
the nurse that took care of Noel. Maybe 
she’ll—” 

Johnny Connell stared at him, at the 
bedroom door, then took his hat from 
the table. “I’ll see Diane,” he said. 
“Don’t go away.” 

T'VHE clerk at the hotel gave him the 
A number of Mrs. French’s suite, and 
he went up in the elevator and rang twice 
at the door of 608 before it drew back. 
In the opening a negligeed woman with a 
face shiny from cold cream stared at 
him. 

The woman said, “Well?” 

Over her shoulder Johnny Connell saw 
Diane. “It's all right, mother,” the girl 
said, slipping before her. “Don’t bother. 
I—” 

Then the Spaniard was there too, just 
behind her, gripping her wrist. He said: 
“Don’t go out.” 



124 


Dime Detective Magazine 


Diane’s mother looked at Johnny Con¬ 
nell sharply. "The gentleman can come 
in. That is, if it's—” 

“No.” Diane tried to edge out. "I want 
to see him alone. It’s important, mother. 
It’s about Nick.” Her small wrist twisted 
in the Spaniard’s hold, and Johnny Con¬ 
nell breathed hard. He took half a step 
forward in the same instant that Diane 
got her arm free and came out to him, 
dosing the door on her mother’s protest¬ 
ing voice. 

“Nick couldn’t bring the note,” he said. 
“He was due on the floor at nine. I took 
it over.” 

“Oh.” She smiled faintly. “I thought 
Nick—but it doesn’t matter awfully. It 
was nice of you.” 

It took a long time for more words to 
come. He asked finally: "Did you—do 
you know a girl named Esther Green¬ 
berg?” 

Her eyes searched his, frowning. 

Johnny Connell tried to dress it up and 
couldn’t. There didn’t seem any way. He 
said at last, quietly: “Esther Greenberg’s 
dead. She—died tonight in your father’s 
apartment.” 

Her whole body was shaking. Johnny 
Connell gripped her elbows gently and 
said: “It’s all right, Diane. Don’t worry 
about it. Nobody knows but your father.” 

“Knows?” She rubbed one side of her 
face dazedly. “But you don’t understand. 
You—” 

“I know I don’t,” Johnny Connell said. 
“I came back to find out. I want to help 
you, Diane.” 

Three people got off the elevator in the 
center of the corridor, walked up toward 
them and entered a room ten feet away. 
When they had closed the door Johnny 
Connell said: “Don’t be afraid. I told 
you I want to help you, Diane. Just tell 
me what it’s all about. Why did you ask 
me to bring that note to your father to¬ 
night? Couldn’t you have gone yourself ?” 


Her white face smiled desperately. 
“Yes, of course, I—” She raised her arm 
and the puffed part of her sleeve dropped 
back. Against her wrist Johnny Connell 
saw purplish marks. 

She made an aimless little gesture with 
her hand. "Noel—” she said. “Noel—” 
Her voice broke. “Noel was killed too.” 

HTHE slow whisper died while he stared 
at her. "Everybody thought it was 
pneumonia. You see Noel had had that 
once but he’d recovered. Then last Sep¬ 
tember he went out with Ramon to a party 
and he came home drunk. The next morn¬ 
ing he was sick again. 

"I hadn’t slept in his room—not for 
months. We—we hadn’t got along. When 
I wanted to call a doctor this time Ramon 
wouldn’t let me. He said Noel would be 
all right. And then the next night I went 
in late; I thought I heard Noel call. He 
—he had nothing over him but a sheet, 
and all the windows were open. I got 
some blankets and put them over him, and 
while I was fixing the bed I had to touch 
the sheets.” She shuddered; her voice 
became so low that Johnny Connell could 
scarcely hear it. “They were wet, soaked 
through. 

“Then Ramon came in. He said it was 
just a night sweat and it meant that Noel 
was getting better. But it frightened me, 
and I called a doctor when I got back to 
my room. He came up in a little while 
and I went into Noel’s room with him, 
but someone had changed the sheets then 
—they were dry. The doctor said Noel 
was very sick and he had to have nurses 
all the time; he sent one up that morning, 
and Miss Greenberg relieved her the next 
night. I thought that would make every¬ 
thing safe but it didn’t. I went in to see 
Noel again about twelve that night, and 
the same thing had happened. There 
weren’t any blankets and the bed was 
soaked just as if someone had poured ice 



Suicide Pact 


125 


water over it. Noel was raving; I could 
hear Ramon and Miss Greenberg talking 
in the living room downstairs. 

“Ramon had some bottles out on the 
table. I think he was trying to get Miss 
Greetiberg drunk so she wouldn’t know 
anything about it. I made her go upstairs 
and change the bed. Ramon came with us 
and when he said it was a night sweat Miss 
Greenberg looked at him queerly. Then 
in the morning he told me it must have 
been an accident and he’d fired her for 
being careless. He made me give him five 
hundred dollars for the doctors, he said. 
But I think he gave it to Miss Greenberg 
so she wouldn’t say anything. Two days 
later Noel died.” 

She began to sob quietly. "And then 
he said if I ever told anyone about it 
they’d say I planned it to get Noel’s 
money. He said he’d swear that he caught 
me once soaking the sheets. I’d go to 
prison, maybe the chair. No one would 
believe me.” 

Johnny Connell murmured something 
from between gray lips; for the first time 
in his life he wanted to kill a man. The 
girl went on dully: “I was afraid. The 
only person I told was father. I’ve never 
done anything I wanted, even when I was 
a child. Mother decided everything; I 
never thought of questioning her.” 

Her lovely mouth quivered faintly; she 
looked past Johnny Connell, over his 
shoulder. “When I met Nick it was the 
same. Mother said he was no good, that 
he had nothing, that I owed her every¬ 
thing and I should do what she wanted to 
pay her back a little. She talked to me 
about marrying Noel all the time. I’d be 
ungrateful if I didn’t; he’d be so good to 
me. And when I told her I wouldn’t, that 
I—I loved Nick, she got sick; she had a 
bad heart. She said she’d die—” 

Her strangled sobs seemed to rise in 
Johnny Connell’s own body. He patted 
her shoulder, said softly; “But it’s all 


right now, Diane. What was in the note?” 

“Mother told me to cash some bonds 
Noel left. She said Ramon had informa¬ 
tion that the company was going to crash, 
and if I didn’t get the money soon they’d 
be valueless. The bank here arranged it 
this morning; Ramon was to get the 
money—a hundred thousand dollars—and 
put it in a safe-deposit vault. But he 
didn’t do that—I happened to see it in his 
traveling bag upstairs just before dinner. 
When I asked him he lied to me; he said 
he had put it in the vault. 

“I was afraid to say anything to him, 
but I thought if father knew, he could tell 
me what to do. Father has no phone. 
I thought Nick would take it over. When 
I couldn’t see him in the lobby I gave the 
note to you; I’d seen you talking to Nick 
once and I hoped you’d know who it was 
for.” 

Johnny Connell took her arm. “I’m 
going to get your father. I want you to 
wait in my room until I get back.” 

The terror gathered again in her eyes. 
“But I can’t. Ramon—” 

“Ramon’s through. He won’t bother 
you again. Ever.” 

T^EN minutes later he stopped his road¬ 
ster in Folsom Road. Without ring¬ 
ing for the landlady he pushed back the 
unlocked porch door—that part of Aber¬ 
deen’s story was apparently true—went 
past it into the vestibule and up the stairs. 

The little man relaxed nervously, mop¬ 
ping his face, when he saw who it was. 
Johnny Connell closed the door to the hall 
and said: “I’ve seen Diane; she told me 
what happened to her husband. She said 
you knew too.” 

Aberdeen’s tone was cautious. “I knew, 
sure. That’s why Ramon tried to frame 
me, d’you see? He was afraid I’d talk 
and he wanted to get something on me so 
I couldn’t.” 

Johnny Connell frowned. “It’s not clear 
yet. Why should Esther Greenberg come 



126 


Dime Detective Magaxii 


here? You had nothing to do with her.” 

“I’m telling you,” Aberdeen said. 
“If I open my mouth now about young 
French there’s this to pin on me. Say 
this nurse knew about how he died and 
was blackmailing Ramon. He gets my 
address off a letter I write to Diane, and 
then sends Esther Greenberg a note to 
meet him here at eight o’clock. I just 
found it in her bag.” 

Aberdeen moved his shoulders. The 
landlady’s rooms are in the back, and 
he knew she wouldn’t see him if he didn’t 
ring the bell. He warns the girl not to ring 
the bell, but just to come up.” 

It began to fit in Johnny Connell’s 
head. "If this nurse was blackmailing 
him, he wanted to meet her here to pay 
her off. She had a stiff price, Aberdeen— 
a hundred thousand dollars.” 

“A hun—” The little man scuttled 
around the table, his mouth twisting. 
“What are you talking about? Where 
would he get that kind of money?” 

Johnny Connell told him. When he 
had finished Aberdeen said, his voice 
shaking: “He’s robbing my girll I knew 
it. That’s why—” He gripped Johnny 
Connell’s wrist feverishly. 

“You see it, don’t you? My girl and 
young French weren’t getting along, and 
this rat sees two million dollars slipping 
out from under his hand. So he kills 
young French, and in a smart enough 
way so no one suspects. Only this nurse 
knew, and she bled him. Today she prob¬ 
ably wanted the money all in a lump and 
he gets it for her; then he must have fig¬ 
ured she’d want more all the time, and 
there’s no sense in giving her this much. 
So he kills her and pins it on me.” He 
stopped, breathing very fast, crossed 
the room, and vanished inside a closet. 
When he came back he had a revolver in 
his right hand, with a long, clumsy-look- 
ing silencer attachment on the barrel. 

Aberdeen snarled, trembling: “He can’t 


get away with this. Not on Diane, nor on 
me.” 

Johnny Connell’s hand stopped him. 
“Wait a minute. You can’t—” 

“I can’t?” Aberdeen said. He stepped 
away and the butt of the gun came up 
like a flicker of gray light. Even as he 
threw his hand out Johnny Connell felt it 
strike his head, whirl him down endlessly 
through darkness and a dreadful quiet 

TTE CAME to on the grass rug, in dark- 
ness, with a dull wave of torture beat¬ 
ing in the back of his head. The wall 
light above him had been extinguished, 
and the door to the corridor was closed. 
After a minute he pushed himself up to 
wobbly legs, groped for the wall switch 
and found it. It was ten minutes to one 
by his watch. 

In his room at the hotel Diane was sit¬ 
ting in the leather chair, where he had 
left her. Her face whitened when she saw 
him and she came instantly to her feet. 

Diana moved to him with a chocked 
sound. 

“You’re hurt,” she breathed. “Did 
father—” 

The door in the outer room closed. 
Under her arm Johnny Connell saw Nick 
cross to the table, his cheeks hollowed out 
by a tuneless whistle. He stopped sud¬ 
denly as he reached it, staring at her, his 
eyes going once to Johnny Connell and 
then back. She said, “Hello, Nick,” in a 
voice that wasn’t quite steady. 

Nick’s face flushed; he inclined his 
head faintly. When no one spoke again 
he didn’t seem to know what to do with 
his hands; he put them in his pocket, took 
them out again, said, “Hello,” without 
looking at her. His mouth comers 
twitched a little in a face he tried to keep 
composed. 

Johnny Connell couldn’t think of any¬ 
thing to say. He sat where he was, star¬ 
ing at Nick, until the girl turned to him. 



Suicide Pact 


12 7 


“I think I’ll go now. You’ve been 
awfully kind but mother may be worry¬ 
ing. It’s very late.” 

“That’s all right,” Johnny Connell said. 
His throat was dry. “Just wait a few min¬ 
utes more, Diane. Out there. I want Nick 
to help me clean up.” 

She hesitated. “If you think it’s—” 

Johnny Connell nodded. “I do. It’s 
very important. I won’t keep you long.” 

She went out without looking at Nick 
and sat down near the door. Nick came 
in at his nod, and when he had closed the 
door behind him Johnny Connell said: 
“She’s in trouble. Her husband was 
killed. The nurse that took care of him 
tried to blackmail the Spaniard, and she 
was strangled tonight in Aberdeen’s place. 
She’s still there.” 

Nick said, “What!” very loud, the word 
bursting from him. 

“Take it easy. Her father told me 
Ramon killed this nurse. According to 
him, he sent her a note to meet him at 
Aberdeen’s place while Aberdeen was out. 
But there’s no way of checking his story 
—maybe Aberdeen’s lying and killed her 
himself. I don’t know. I was over there 
just now and he laid me out with the butt 
of a gun. This Ramon’s got Diane fright¬ 
ened; he says he’ll swear she killed her 
husband if she doesn’t do what he wants.” 

Nick’s eyes glittered. He said: “I’ll 
tear the louse apart. Where—” 

Johnny Connell said: “Don’t be a 
down. She never loved Noel French; the 
mother made her marry him. Get out 
there and talk to her, and stop acting like 
a kid that’s been stood in a comer.” 

He went out first. Diane got up, her 
young face strained and desperate, trying 
to smile. “I think I’d better go. You’ve—” 

Johnny Connell said gravely: “I’m go¬ 
ing to ask you something very important. 
You said Ramon was with you all evening. 
Did he leave you at any time, even for a 
half hour, after eight o’clock?” 


Her brows wrinkled. “No. I’m quite 
sure. We had supper together and then 
went up to our suite. He was there in 
the room until you came.” 

Nick came out from behind him and 
went over to her. She tried to get off the 
chair but his arms on either side held her 
down. He said: “You’ve got to listen to 
me, Diane.” 

She said: “No. I don’t want to. Please 
let me—” 

They seemed to have forgotten Johnny 
Connell. He went out, closing the door 
quietly behind him. 

TN THE corridor he turned right, to the 

stair shaft, and went down three flights. 
The door of 608 was unlocked, the sit¬ 
ting room within was lit, and the Span¬ 
iard and Diane’s mother were sitting on 
a couch just before him. Facing them 
little Aberdeen was almost lost in the 
arms of a morris chair. 

Johnny Connell walked across the rug 
and sat down next to Aberdeen. Ramon’s 
body shifted on the couch, one arm drop¬ 
ping inside his scarlet bathrobe. He said, 
“Let me, Hazel,” his voice purring. The 
hand came out again with a long, narrow- 
bladed stiletto balanced unevenly on his 
fingers. He was halfway to his feet when 
the woman said sharply: “We don’t need 
that. I can call the manager and have him 
put out. He can’t come here without any 
reason—” 

She reached for the phone, brought it 
to her. Johnny Connell said: “I came up 
for a reason. I came up to talk about a 
girl named Esther Greenberg.” 

She put the phone back, carefully, on 
the table, as if it were made of thin glass. 
“Esther Greenberg?” She repeated the 
name as if it surprised her. “What hap¬ 
pened ? What’s he talking about ?” When 
nobody answered shrillness crept into her 
voice. “And where’s Diane? She went out 
with him two hours ago and she hasn’t 
come back since. It’s after one.” 



128 


Dime Detective Magazine 


“She won’t come back,” Johnny Con¬ 
nell said. “You’re never going to bother 
her again.” 

“Why you’re crazy!” Hazel was 
screaming, beating a hand on her knee. 
"Bother her! My own daughter!” 

Behind her Ramon’s breathing became 
audible in a sharp sound that halted even 
the woman’s voice. His arms moved and 
the scarlet bathrobe dropped off them; his 
head went a little forward, so that he 
stared at Johnny Connell from under his 
high brows, and his right arm came up 
to his breast, slowly, with the knife blade 
glittering in steel flashes as he flexed his 
wrist from side to side. Aberdeen said 
something in a croaking tone, but the 
woman remained silent, her palms pressed 
against the back of the couch, one knee, 
bent on the cushion, supporting her body. 
This time she did not stop the Spaniard ; 
he came forward with his steps spaced 
and light. Johnny Connell got free of 
his chair. 

The instant that he waited seemed very 
long. The thick hate in him tensed his 
muscles, made breathing difficult. He 
had his weight forward on his toes, and 
when Ramon was quite close he shot his 
body in against the Spaniard’s, his right 
arm swinging up in a vicious arch, his 
left flung out to the knife. Taking the 
punch high on the cheek, Ramon went 
back with it; but he did not lose his bal¬ 
ance, and as Johnny Connell lunged after 
him he stepped in fast, knife hand mov¬ 
ing soundlessly, like flame. 

Johnny Connell got the wrist with his 
hand, pivoted, smashed in his right to the 
Spaniard’s stomach. Ramon’s breath 
burst out, his white face contorted; in 
an instant he was against Johnny Con¬ 
nell’s chest, body strained to body, arms 
bent to arms. 

For a moment they were motionless. 
Johnny Connell tried to tear his right hand 
free, his lips drawn back with effort, but 


the Spaniard held him steady, forced him 
back step by step with the centered pres¬ 
sure of his arms. Ramon's face smoothed 
out; he smiled again, but the smile was 
drawn out, thinned, by the straining of 
his body. 

The knife came closer to Johnny Con¬ 
nell, very slowly, in jerks that moved 
perhaps an inch at a time. He could not 
hold it away, not even when the wall was 
behind him, with his elbow braced out¬ 
ward from it like a lever. He had no 
longer any feeling in his arms save a 
dull torment beating high in his shoul¬ 
ders. When he was flat against the wall 
with his right arm spread eagled on it 
by Ramon’s left, the Spaniard’s face 
raised above him composed and cruel, 
with no sound but the rapid whistling of 
his breath. 

A CROSS his shoulder, Johnny Con- 
nell could see the woman, still kneel¬ 
ing on the couch, her hand against the 
back, her negligee drawn up by the curve 
of her body almost over her knees. One 
foot dangled out of its slipper; on the 
other leg, just under the knee, a patch 
of adhesive was whiter than her skin. 
Johnny Connell stared foolishly at it. 

Somehow, little Aberdeen was in the 
picture, behind Ramon, trying to push 
him aside, his voice making high, mono¬ 
tonous sound. Ramon did not look at 
him; he kept smiling at Johnny Connell, 
the wide harsh mouth drawn in against 
gold teeth until its edges were lost in the 
flesh. 

Johnny Connell braced his body desper¬ 
ately, tore his right hand from the Spani¬ 
ard’s and swung it up in a blow that had 
no force. He knew that. It surprised 
him to see Ramon’s stomach cave in as 
he struck as if a metal bar had smashed 
it. The Spaniard went down to the floor, 
his tall body twisting, rolling over, got to 
his knees with the knife still in his hand 
and began to crawl forward again, shak- 



Suicide Pact 


129 


ing his head. Johnny Connell seemed to 
hear the first pop then. 

At the second, Ramon went down flat, 
sprawled out, his body shuddering a lit¬ 
tle. He held fallen on his back and his 
eyes stared up at Aberdeen, at the smoke 
that trailed thickly from the long barrel 
of the little man’s silencer. His black 
eyes fixed on that, motionless and un¬ 
winking, but not until the knife slid from 
his hand to the hardwood floor with a 
metallic tinkle did Johnny Connell rea¬ 
lize he was dead. 

Pressed back against the couch, Hazel 
stared at them silently, her crimson 
mouth extraordinarily vivid and alive in 
her face. Aberdeen looked down at the 
dead man with perspiration watering his 
lean cheeks, the gun in his hand jerking. 

When Johnny Connell came out from 
the wall he turned and spoke to him in a 
squeaking voice. “I had to, Kid. He’d 
have killed you—he was crazy. I slugged 
you back there because I didn’t know 
who you were. When you tried to take 
the gun off me, I thought he might have 
sent you.” He nodded down at the dead 
man. 

Johnny Connell took the gun away 
from him. “Go over to your place. Wait 
there. I’ll help you later with Esther 
Greenberg.” 

Hazel began to cry. The little man 
hesitated nervously at the door and John¬ 
ny Connell waved the gun at him until 
he went out. Hazel moaned brokenly: 
“Oh, my God! But Ramon deserved it. 
He killed the Greenberg girl because she 
knew about young French. She wanted 
money off him and he went over there 
and killed her. He—” 

“He couldn't have killed her,” John¬ 
ny Connell said. “He was with Diane 
all night” 

“Then who—” She stopped crying; on 
her flabby face tears dried. “Who—” 

“You,” Johnny Connell said, in a flat 


voice. It grew very quiet; they stared 
at each other in silence across the dead 
man. Hazel’s face grayed, but she said 
calmly enough, as if she were arguing 
with him over something that didn’t mat¬ 
ter a great deal: “You’re insane. Why 
would I kill her? There’s nothing—” 

“There’s your leg,” Johnny Connell 
told her, pointing the gun at it. “You gat 
behind Esther Greenberg and strangled 
her, and while you were doing it, she 
kicked backward and cut your shm. In 
the excitement you forgot to wipe your 
blood off her slipper—maybe you didn’t 
even notice you were cut until you got 
back here. I found her shoe in Aberdeen’s 
apartment with blood on the heel, but 
until I saw the adhesive on your leg I 
couldn’t understand what it meant After 
that it was plain enough: she did what 
anybody would do who was being choked 
from behind. Kicked back. The blood puz¬ 
zled me because I knew that she didn’t 
bleed, but if she didn’t, her killer must 
have.” 

His tone was tired, unargumentqtive. 
Hazel answered him in a tone she tried 
to make amused, and only made loud and 
slightly breathless. “You’re insane. I 
cut my leg today on the bathroom door. 
I—” 

“Aberdeen and I can get the Green¬ 
berg girl’s body away. If they find it on 
a road tomorrow they'll think she was 
here on a vacation and somebody picked 
her up and robbed her. She was black¬ 
mailing Ramon and you and probably 
didn’t say anything to outsiders about it. 
So nobody knows why she really came.” 

r PHERE was another silence, longer. 

She made two attempts to speak be¬ 
fore words came out. “What are you 
going— Of course, this is absurd. You 
can’t tell the police. Just because I cut 
my leg—” 

Johnny Connell rose from the arm ofl 



130 


Dime Detective Magazii 


his chair. “You’ve forgotten something. 
They can test the blood on the slipper 
and find out if it’s ycmrs.” 

“No,” she said. “You won’t—you 
can’t. F1I tell you why you can’t. Be¬ 
cause I’m Diane’s mother.” Gose to 
him, her gray eyes glittering, she repeat¬ 
ed: “I'm Diane’s mother. And you love 
that girl—you’d do anything for her. 
That’s the only reason you’d be doing 
all this, just so she won’t be implicated. 
You’re taking a chance on a murder 
charge yourself so she’ll be clear.” 

Johnny Connell’s face was stony; she 
hesitated, watching it, went cm after a 
moment: “If you charge me with the 
murder, they’ll find out why Esther 
Greenberg came here; they’ll find out how 
Noel died. And they’ll blame Diane— 
you wouldn’t want that.” Her clenched 
fist pounded on his chest. “So you’ve 
got to give me a chance. I’ll do what 
I can to help you—I swear that. I’ll make 
Diane marry you, even, if—” She grew 
breathless and her voice became almost 
inaudible. She turned away from John¬ 
ny Connell’s eyes. “Don’t look at me 
that way! Don’t!?' 

Johnny Connell said hoarsely, his throat 
strained: “We can get rid of Esther 
Greenberg, but we can’t take your hus¬ 
band out of here. So they’ll have to find 
you with him. That's the out—the only 
out for Diane.” 

“With him?” She pushed a hand back 
dazedly through her hair. “I can’t see 
what you mean. What am I going to tell 
the police?” 

“Nothing,” Johnny Connell said. She 
was watching him stupidly. “You can 
leave a note and say you killed him and 
yourself because you couldn’t stand the 
pain. Diane said you had a bad heart. 
[The police won’t question a suicide pact.” 
Ilis. right arm moved and the gun sailed 


through the air, bounced on the couch. 
Her head turned slowly to look at it, 
stopped there as if she were paralyzed. 
Johnny Connell said: “There’s a bullet 
left.” 

She sat down on the couch, her face 
grotesque, astounded, as if she couldn’t 
understand his words. Standing by the 
door, with one hand on the knob, he turned 
once more, as her voice broke hoarsely 
after him. “If I don’t—” 

“If you don’t,” Johnny Connell said, 
“there’s Esther Greenberg’s slipper. This 
way it’s better than the chair. You’ve 
got an hour.” 

He returned from Aberdeen’s at half 
past two. In the lobby he put through 
a phone call to Suite 608, holding the 
receiver to his ear until the operator told 
him that there was no answer. He asked 
her to try again, listened for thirty sec¬ 
onds more, then put the instrument back 
on its shelf with his gray eyes colourless 
and dull. 

Upstairs, on the ninth floor, Nick 
opened the door of the room, and behind 
him Johnny Connell could see Diane sit¬ 
ting by the window, her face lovely and 
pointed against the night outside, her 
dark eyes glowing. She looked very hap¬ 
py; she smiled at him briefly, but even 
while she did her eyes kept following 
Nick. 

Johnny Connell told her that there’d 
been an accident, that her mother and 
Ramon. . . . 

Breathless, with a hand outstretched 
gropingly to Nick, she ran out of the 
room, and when he was alone, Johnny 
Connell grinned stiffly at the floor. In 
the quietness presently he got up and 
moved around, but that didn’t help any. 
He still felt tired and as if nothing would 
ever matter much again. 




Kicker Dell whirled. Then Zeph was upon him. 


INDIAN 

THICK 

by 

Maxwell Hawkins 


To the hard-looking pair who drove 
up in the big car that night, Zeph 
Kingdom was just another hick to 
be used and gotten rid of. They 
couldn’t have known that in his 
veins flowed pioneer blood—and 
that in his bead still lurked a few 
pioneer tricks. 

T HE last cracker barrel orator, the 
last sawdust-spitter had gone home. 
Zeph Kingdom, who ran Kingdom’s 
General Store at Potterstown, was get¬ 
ting ready to dose up for the night. 

He had just placed his hand on the 
old-fashioned bolt of the front doors, 
when a car drew up in front. Zeph bent 
his long frame slightly, put his face close 
to the grimy glass and peered out. He 
could tell by the distance between the 
headlights and the ruddy glow of the 
tail-light that it was a big car. Beyond 
that, he could make out little. 

The sound of the car door opening 
came to his ears. Then a man, moving 
with rapid dedsive steps, emerged from 
the gloom. He caught sight of Zeph’s fig¬ 
ure silhouetted against the lights of the 
store. 

“We want some gasl In a hurry 1” 
Zeph nodded and opened the door. “I 
reckon I can fix you up.” 

He walked across the store to the coun¬ 
ter. He was tall and gaunt, with a slight 
131 


132 


Dime Detective Magi 


stoop to his shoulders, although only a 
little past forty. His hair -was thinning 
at the top of his forehead, but over his 
temples it grew in sandy tufts that gave 
him an odd appearance. His face, like 
his body, was long, and solemn. But his 
slate-gray eyes at times held a shrewd 
twinkle. 

For more than twenty years Zeph 
Kingdom had run the store. His father 
had run it before him. And before that, 
Zeph’s grandfather, who had come out 
from New York State with his Conestoga 
wagon loaded with a meager stock of 
merchandise. 

A tough customer, that first Kingdom 
to settle in Potterstown. He set up his 
store in a log cabin; he traded and fought 
with the Indians by turn. And although 
Zeph wasn’t conscious of it, some of his 
doughty ancestor’s iron will and resource¬ 
fulness had been passed along to him. 

When he returned with a flashlight, his 
midnight customer had stepped inside. 

He was young, not more than twenty- 
five or -six. His dark suit flared at the 
lapels, was pinched in at the waist; but 
it covered a tall, broad-shouldered body. 
His soft hat shielded his eyes, and Zeph 
could see only the lower part of his face. 
He had a glimpse of a thick nose with 
wide nostrils, a mouth that looked almost 
lipless. 

Standing at one side, the customer let 
Zeph go out the door first. He followed 
close behind. 

“Fill her up,” he said. “She’s almost 
dry.” 

Zeph put the nozzle of the gas hose 
into the tank at the rear of the big sedan. 

“How far to Grider Lake?” the strang¬ 
er asked. 

“Eighteen miles. Two miles beyond the 
forest ranger’s tower.” 

“Good roads?” 

“No,” Zeph replied. "Bad.” 

f'What do you mean by that?” 


“All dirt. Rough.” 

“Road marked?” 

Zeph laughed briefly. “Mister,” he said 
dryly, “you’re in the back country. 
There’s a few signs. If they haven’t 
fallen down.” 

The stranger nodded slowly. His tight 
mouth lifted a little at one corner, as he 
digested this information. 

As Zeph swung his flashlight to look 
at the gauge on his gasoline pump, Zeph 
got a quick view of the interior of the 
car. A woman was sitting in the front 
seat. In the rear was a second man. He 
had moved to the far side and was talking 
through the open door to the big fellow 
who had ordered the gas. 

The gauge showed twenty gallons. 
Zeph stepped to the back of the sedan 
and, lifting the nozzle of the hose from 
the tank, flashed his light inside. The 
tank was full almost to the brim. His 
sharp ears caught a voice from the far 
side of the car. 

“Hell—it’s the only out!” 

A moment later the big stranger reap¬ 
peared, moved close to Zeph’s side while 
he screwed the tank cap bade on. Zeph 
straightened up. 

“I put in twenty gallons,” he said. 
“That’s three-sixty.” 

His customer’s reply was to glide be¬ 
hind Zeph, jam a hard object in the small 
of his back. “Listen, hide,” he said, his 
voice low and threatening, “you’re cornin' 
along—to show us the way!” 

*7EPH knew what that hard object 
against his spine was. He felt, too, 
that the big man who was pressing it 
there wouldn’t hesitate to'use it. And 
this sudden turn of affairs not only took 
him by surprise, but gave him a decidedly 
uncomfortable feeling. 

He gulped. “You—you mean, you 
want me to—to go along to Grider 
Lake?” 



Indian Trick 


133 


“You got good ears,” the man with the 
gun sneered. "Come on!” He prodded 
Zeph to the far side of the sedan, where 
the door was open. “Gimme that flash!” 

Zeph held out the light and it was 
seized from behind. The big man snapped 
it on, turned the beam inside the sedan. 
“Get in back. Babe! Make it fast I” 

The girl who had been sitting in front 
didn’t say anything. But she crawled 
over the seat to the back of the car. She 
was young, with a white face and big 
frightened eyes. Her blond hair, cut in a 
long bob, was topped by a hat that tilted 
at a rakish angle. 

“Get in, hick !” the man with the gun 
ordered. “And if you let out a sound. 
I’ll plug you.” Zeph climbed into the seat 
the girl had vacated. His captor turned 
to the man in back. “Hurry up, Kicker, 
and bring the stuff. Don’t forget some 
candles.” 

The man called Kicker got out the oth¬ 
er side of the car and entered the store. 
He returned presently with his arms load¬ 
ed with canned goods, which he placed in 
back. He made half a dozen trips, each 
time with an armful of supplies. On his 
last trip he carried a couple of coils of 
clothesline. 

Then Kicker put out the lights, closed 
the store door, and took his seat directly 
behind Zeph. 

“You make just one funny move,” he 
growled wamingly, “and I’ll blow the 
back of your head off!” 

The big man, who had been keeping 
watch over Zeph, slipped behind the 
wheel. The heavy car started forward 
with a smooth, powerful purr. 

“Which way?” 

“Straight ahead for nigh onto a mile.” 

It was no time to argue, Zeph realized. 
These two men were dangerous, deadly. 
The only thing he could do was guide 
them to Grider Lake—and hope for the 
best. 


He soon discovered that the best 
threatened to be pretty bad. A few miles 
out of Potterstown and the big man 
stopped the car. 

“All right. Kicker. Tie him up.” 

Kicker bound Zeph’s hands. He tied 
his ankles, too, with the clothesline. Not 
tightly; just so as to hobble him if he 
tried to run. Then the sedan moved for¬ 
ward again. 

Zeph was trying to figure out the situ¬ 
ation. The fact that his captors had looted 
his store of supplies indicated that they 
planned to stay somewhere in this Grider 
Lake wilderness for several days, at 
least. They were hiding out, he was cer¬ 
tain now, hiding out from the law. And 
the thought caused him to wet his lips 
nervously with the tip of his tongue. 

“Think they’ll trace us. Jack?” Kicker 
asked the man at the wheel at one point 

“Not a chance!” 

“They may identify Bud’s body. Fig¬ 
ure we might lay out up here.” 

The big Jack sneered. "Four hundred 
miles away? Listen, boy, cops ain’t that 
smart. I’m tellin’ you this is the spot. If 
what Bud said was true.” 

At least he’d learned something, Zeph 
decided. The girl was Babe, the driver’s 
name was Jack, and the man behind, with 
the gun trained on the back of his head, 
was Kicker. Bud, whoever he was, was 
apparently dead, four hundred miles 
away. Bud? The name struck a respon¬ 
sive chord in Zeph’s memory. 

RIDER LAKE, which covered about 
three square miles, was on low 
ground, its shore on two sides merging 
into the swamps. On the other two sides 
the land was higher and dry. Here, half 
a dozen camp cottages had been built at 
widely spaced intervals. Now however, 
in late October, they were all closed. 

Even though the springs of the big 
sedan ironed out some of the roughness 
of the rutted dirt road, it had taken Zeph 



134 


Dime Detective Magazine 


and his captors almost an hoar to reach 
the lake. It was a dismal sight Hie head¬ 
lights illuminated. Thickets of alders, 
willows, and in the background funereal 
pines. 

“There's the lake,” Zeph said. 

Big Jack nodded indifferently. “Lis¬ 
ten, hick,” he said, “do you know where 
the Chehnan farm is?” 

Instantly, Zeph understood why the 
name Bud had sounded familiarly in his 
ears in connection with this trip to Grider 
Lake. “It's about a mile up this shore. 
Ain’t nobody there now, though. Ain’t 
been since old man Chelman died. His 
boy’s in the pen," he added. 

“His boy’s in hell, fella,” Kicker said 
dryly. 

That clinched it for Zeph. The Bud 
they’d referred to was Bud Chelman. 
And that accounted for the presence of 
these two men and their girl in the back 
country. 

“There’s no one there,” Zeph repeated. 
“The house’s about falling down. No¬ 
body wants to buy it.” 

“We didn’t come up here to buy,” Big 
Jack growled. “Which way do we go to 
get there?” 

“You’ll find a road leading off to the 
right about ten rods or so ahead.” 

It was a barely discernible route they 
followed; the wheel tracks were almost 
erased; dried and matted weeds choked 
the center. 

The girl whined softly and Big Jack 
cursed her, told her to shut up. She fell 
silent. They all were silent. 

At last the trees and shrubbery began 
to thin out. Suddenly the road emerged 
into a large clearing. Directly ahead was 
the farmhouse. 

It was a one-story structure, small, 
with a peaked roof. The door was dosed. 
But on either side of the door were gap¬ 
ing windows. They were dark now. 

“That’s it," Zeph said. “That’s the 


Chehnan farmhouse. The property line’s 
right here." 

“To hell with the property line,” Big 
Jack snarled. It was plain that the eerie 
surroundings were putting his nerves on 
edge. 

He drove the sedan almost up to the 
door before he stopped. When he did, 
he sat for a moment contemplating the 
building. The paint was almost gone. 
Only a few panes of glass were left in 
the two windows. What had once been a 
stoop was rotted and leaning at a crazy 
angle. 

Kicker spoke. “What a dump to -drive 
four hundred miles for." 

Big Jack grumbled agreement. “Wait 
here,” he muttered. 

He got out, walked to the door and 
tried it. It was fastened, but he pushed 
against it with his shoulder and it gave 
readily. He entered. They could see the 
ray of his flashlight as he went from 
room to room. In a few minutes he came 
back to the car. 

“It’s a hell of a hideout," he snarled. 
“But we gotta make it do for a few days. 
Till things cool off. We'll get the hick 
parked first. Then we can lug the stuff in.” 

He opened the door alongside Zeph. 
“Get out!" he ordered. 

Zeph hobbled from his seat to the 
ground. Kicker got out, too, and he and 
Big Jack took Zeph into the house. It 
had four rooms. They put him in one of 
the back rooms, which had once been the 
kitchen, and Kicker tied the rope tightly 
about his ankles. Then they stretched 
him on the dirty floor near the wall. 

As they Heft, he heard Kicker say, 
“Why bother with him? Let’s get him 
out of the way now.” 

“Naw," Big Jade growled. “I got an 
idea." 

T>EFGRE he had been ordered out of 
— the car, Zeph had noticed the clock 



Indian Trick 


135 


on the dash. The hands stood at one- 
fifteen. There was no moon, but the sky 
was clear and the stars, brilliant in the 
autumn sky, gave a cold feeble light. 
Looking up from the floor now, Zeph 
could glimpse this chill radiance through 
the window above him. 

He heard his captors moving about in 
the front of the house. The mumbling of 
their voices fell upon his ears. 

A door closed, and then the footsteps 
ceased. The low rumble of conversation 
still continued, punctuated occasionally by 
a higher voice. The girl. 

Zeph tried his bonds. They had been 
expertly fastened and he soon decided it 
was a waste of strength to strain against 
them. So he made himself as comfortable 
as he could on the hard floor and tried 
to think things out. 

What were these men and their blond 
girl fleeing from? He guessed it must 
have been some kind of a robbery. And 
evidently Bud Chelman had been one of 
them. But Bud Chelman had been killed. 
They had planned to hide out up here, 
and after young Chelman’s death they 
hadn’t been able to find it without help. 
That was why they’d forced Zeph along. 

But always the question burned through 
his brain—what were they going to do 
with him? The man called Jack had said 
he had an idea. The way he had said it 
had been ominous. Zeph had spent all 
his life in Potterstown and the Grider 
Lake country. But he knew men, knew 
human nature. He saw his captors clear¬ 
ly for what they were. Killers! 

Gradually the sound of voices dimin¬ 
ished. Then it ceased entirely. Zeph 
figured an hour must have passed before 
all grew still in the front room. 

Another hour passed, he estimated. 
That would make it a quarter past three. 
But at this time of year it wouldn’t begin 
to grow light for several hours more. 

And then he became aware that a door 


was opening. A few seconds later, the 
ancient, rotten floor-boards gave a faint 
creak. Was it only his nerves beginning to 
play tricks on him ? * 

His doubt ended when a low, guarded 
whisper came to him. 

“Where are you?” 

It was the yellow-haired girl. 

He swallowed quickly. His throat was 
dry and he didn’t want his voice to boom 
out 

"Here—almost under the window,” he 
said softly. 

There was silence then for a long time. 
Once more the floor creaked faintly, this 
time close behind him. 

"Careful,” he whispered. "I’m right in 
front of you.” 

Her groping hands found him, passed 
over his face and shoulders. She leaned 
close till he could feel her breath on his 
cheek. 

“I’m gonna help you, mister. But for 
God’s sake, you gotta help me, too.” 

A GAIN Zeph made sure of his voice 
before he replied. Then he whispered 
slowly, “I’ll do anything I can. But I 
can’t do anything tied up like this.” 

“I’ll bring a knife. But do you know 
how to get away from here? On foot?” 

“I know every inch of this country.” 

“You’ll take me with you.” 

“Yes.” 

“I—I gotta get away.” 

“What’s the matter?” 

She moved even closer. "Listen, mis¬ 
ter. I got mixed up with Jack before I 
knew what he was. Down in Indiana. 
Then he wouldn’t let me go.” 

“Why—why not?” 

“I know too much.” 

"What’s he going to do then?” 

She began to breathe more rapidly. 
“My God, don’t you understand? There 
was another girl before me. He got tired 
of her, too. Nobody’s ever found out 
what became of her.” 



136 


Dime Detective Magazine 


“You—you mean—” 

“I mean he kilted her!” Her fingers 
dug into his arm. “But that dpvil hasn’t 
got me footed! He doesn’t intend to take 
me away from here. Now do you under¬ 
stand?” 

Zeph was aghast. “I reckon I do, 

“Shh 1” Once more he fdt her fingers 
pressing into his arm. 

They waited in silence, silence heavy 
with menace of an unseen peril. He could 
fed her hand trembling. He’d heard 
nothing, but evidently her ears had caught 
some warning sound. For a long time 
they waited in the ghastly blackness. 
Nothing happened. 

“I—I must have been mistaken,” she 
whispered nervously. "‘They were both 
asleep when I left” She paused a mo¬ 
ment, then went on, “You’re safe—for a 
little while. They think if things get hot 
and they have to make a getaway through 
the woods, they’ll force you to guide 
them. Do you see?" 

“Yes.” 

“But you’ll never leave them alive F’ 

“Who—who are they!" Zeph asked. 

“My God, don’t you know? Jack Kil- 
lifer and Kicker Dell.” 

And in that second Zeph’s fears for 
his life crystalized into dead certainty. 
Jack Killifer, wholesale murderer, the 
bandit who always fired on sight Jack 
Killifer, wanted in a dozen states, hunted 
by hundreds of law officers. 

“We’d better hurry, miss,” Zeph whis¬ 
pered. “Get that knife.” 

“I wanted to be sure—sure you would¬ 
n’t leave me,” she said. “I’U—” 

She got no further. A dazzling white 
beam stabbed through the darkness. Like 
a spotlight picking out the principals on 
a stage, its white circle revealed the 
kneeling girl, the man stretched upon the 
dirty floor. 


“You double-crossing hellcat 1” 

Killifer’s voice choked with rage. He 
strode across the room, seized the girl by 
her hair and jerked her to her feet Then 
he began to shake her. 

“Jack! J-Jack! Don’t—don’t!” she 
screamed, her voice rattling in her throat. 

Suddenly he ceased to shake her. “Go¬ 
ing to let him go, were you!” he said 
more calmly. But his calmness seemed 
even more threatening than his anger. 

“No! Honest, I wasn’t. Jack!” She 
was crying now. “I felt sorry for him! 
I only came in to—to see if he wanted a 
drink.” 

“You’re lying!” 

The words came through set teeth. 
Again he grabbed her shoulder. He 
shoved her violently before him into the 
other room. The door was slammed. 

An instant later from beyond that 
closed portal, her voice rang out in a 
shrill, agonized shriek of terror. As sud¬ 
denly as it had broken out, it stopped. 

There was a moment of ghastly si¬ 
lence, followed by a dull thud. 

A FEW minutes later, the door was 
opened again. From his place on the 
floor, Zeph could see that the other room 
was lighted, and he recalled that Big Jack 
had told Kicker to bring candles from the 
store. 

Zeph moved onto his side so he could 
see better. In the orange rectangle of the 
door, a towering black figure was out¬ 
lined for a moment. Then Jack Killifer, 
flashlight in hand, strode up to the man 
on the floor. He rolled Zeph over on his 
face and examined the clothesline bonds 
on his wrists, then his ankles. Apparent¬ 
ly satisfied, he straightened up. 

“Now maybe I can get some sleep,” 
he growled and strode from the room. 

Zeph tried to picture what had hap¬ 
pened behind that dosed door only a few 



Indian Trick 


137 


minutes before. With a shudder, he came 
to the conclusion that Killifer in his blind 
rage had strangled the girl with the yel¬ 
low hair. That shriek of terror still 
echoed in Zeph’s ears. 

The girl had told him that he was in 
no immediate danger, because these two 
killers hoped to use him as a guide if it 
should became necessary to take to the 
woods. But he couldn’t count on that. 

And he realized also that there was a 
slim chance that the girl with the yellow 
hair had not been killed yet. If she was 
still alive, something had to be done to 
save her. He pressed his teeth together 
until his jaws ached. His utter helpless¬ 
ness was agonizing. 

He had to get rid of his bonds, he told 
himself over and over. And he lay there 
on the floor, his mind groping frantically 
for some possible means of accomplishing 
this. 

By pushing with his bound hands, he 
finally managed to jerk up to a sitting 
position. That was a help. He could now 
look out the window with its broken 
panes. Not more than a third of the 
glass was left. 

Gradually a thoughtful smile crossed 
his long face. One eyebrow lifted almost 
imperceptibly; he nodded slowly as if to 
confirm the idea that had flashed into his 
head. 

Inch by inch, he wriggled to the wall, 
to the window. By stretching, he was 
just able to reach the sill. He hooked his 
chin over it. He pulled himself slowly 
up, got his forehead onto the sill and gave 
a quick push. He was on his feet. 

Leaning forward, he examined the 
window as well as he could in the dim 
Hght. Then, by rocking from heel to toe, 
he moved across the short distance and 
backed up to the broken panes. He bent 
backward, shoved out his bound wrists 
as far as possiMe. Finally, he found what 


he needed—a splinter of glass that still 
stuck in the frame. 

Slowly and painfully, he began to saw 
the rope against it. He stopped often to 
listen. But no sound came from the front 
room. He cut himself again and again; 
he could feel the warm blood on his 
palms. 

At last Zeph detected that the soft rope 
was yielding. A moment later, he had 
freed his hands. Swiftly he bent over 
and removed the bonds from his ankles. 
He stretched his cramped limbs to re¬ 
store circulation, wiped the blood away 
with his handkerchief. 

/"\N tiptoe, Zeph crossed the kitchen to 
^ the door leading to the front room. 
He placed his ear close to the panel and 
listened. From beyond came a faint snor¬ 
ing mingled with heavy breathing. Zeph 
smiled to himself. His captors, exhausted 
from their long drive, were sleeping. 

It would be easy now for him to make 
his escape, he realized. Yet he gave that 
scarcely a passing thought. It was not in 
his nature to retreat when he had a chance 
to capture the enemy. 

And there was the girl. Perhaps she 
was already beyond any help, but until he 
was certain of her death, he meant to use 
every means in his power to save her. 

He recrossed the kitchen, slowly opened 
the back door. Outside, he paused to look 
around for a few seconds. It was grow¬ 
ing lighter. He’d have to work fast. 

Circling the house at some distance, he 
reached the big sedan, parked at the 
front. Carefully, he raised the hood that 
covered the powerful engine. In the deep 
shadow which enveloped it, he could see 
nothing; but his groping fingers found a 
wire and he gave it a jerk. One by one 
he removed half a dozen sections of the 
ignition cable. Then he lowered the hood 
into place again. 

Retracing his steps, Zeph passed the 



138 


Dime Detective Magazine 


rear of the tumble-down farmhouse, kept 
going. From time to time, he hurled one 
of the pieces of wire into the underbrush. 
Temporarily, at least, he had blocked any 
swift dash for freedom by automobile. 

As soon as he had put a considerable 
distance between himself and the house, 
Zeph increased his pace. He headed down 
the narrow, weed-choked lane by which 
they had arrived a few hours earlier. 
Half a mile down he angled off from the 
roadway into the underbrush. 

A little farther and the trees and 
ground growth thinned out into a small, 
rocky clearing. 

Zeph smiled grimly. He hadn’t forgot¬ 
ten the lay of the land around Grider 
Lake. 

Briskly he set to work. The light was 
increasing rapidly as he set about gather¬ 
ing a pile of dried branches. When he 
had enough, he stooped low and presently 
was fanning a tiny blaze into life. He 
added fuel until he had a sizable fire, 
then made his way into the surrounding 
thickets and returned with an armful of 
green twigs. These he added to the 
flames. 

As the fire swiftly turned into a heavy 
smudge, he stood watching it for a few 
moments. He nodded, an expression of 
satisfaction on his lean face, as the smoke 
climbed upward in the still air. 

From his pocket, he took out his hand¬ 
kerchief, stained with blood from his 
lacerated wrists, which he fastened to a 
sapling near the smoky fire. Something 
else went with the handkerchief, a little 
later. And then he glided from the clear¬ 
ing back into the woods and headed to¬ 
ward the farmhouse where Killifer and 
Dell were sleeping. 

Concealed behind a thick clump of un¬ 
derbrush, Zeph looked across the open 
field toward the dilapidated structure. It 
was daylight now and he could see the 
place plainly. There were no signs of 


life about it as yet. The killers must still 
be sleeping. 

^EPH squatted on his heels. He was 
^ ready to watch and wait with the 
patience of the Indians who had once 
roamed this timbered wilderness. His 
first impulse on slipping his bonds had 
been to go for help. 

But if he went for help, there was the 
possibility that either Killifer or Dell 
might wake up, go into the kitchen, dis¬ 
cover he had escaped. In that case, Zeph 
figured, they’d lose no time making a 
getaway. 

When they found their car had been 
put out of commission, they’d probably 
take to the woods on foot. Zeph wasn’t 
enough of a woodsman to follow a trail 
of that kind. Hardly anybody could. If 
Jack Killifer and Kicker Dell were to be 
captured and their murderous careers 
brought to an end, he couldn’t let them 
out of his sight. 

That was why Zeph squatted there in 
the underbrush; that was why he fre¬ 
quently turned and gazed with thoughtful 
eyes back toward the spot where he had 
built the fire. 

The sun climbed higher. Still there was 
no sign of life in the crumbling building 
across the clearing. The smoke from his 
fire no longer mounted toward the sky, 
and Zeph estimated that he had been 
waiting there in the brush for a couple 
of hours. 

He was about to shift his position and 
relieve his cramped muscles, when a sud¬ 
den shrill cry broke upon the morning 
air. At the same instant, a figure burst 
from the front door of the farmhouse. 
It was the yellow-haired girl. 

She stumbled over the stoop, started 
running across the open field toward the 
woods. And the huge Killifer was close 
behind her. Then she tripped, sprawled 
forward with arms flung wide. Instantly, 



Indian Trick 


139 


Killifer was upon her. He yanked her 
upright. She screamed, a frenzied blood- 
chilling sound, filled with stark fear. 

“Jack! Don’t kill me! I didn’t help 
him get away! For God’s sake, Jack—” 

Killifer’s fist cut off her frantic pleas. 
It caught her on the side of her head and 
again she went tumbling into the dirt and 
stubble of the field, a pitiful crumpled 
heap on the brown ground. Zeph started 
forward, his eyes blazing with rage. But 
suddenly he halted, glided swiftly behind 
a concealing tree trunk. 

Kicker Dell, pistol in hand, had ap¬ 
peared from the house and was standing 
on the stoop. He ran toward Killifer, who 
was lifting the limp form of the yellow¬ 
haired Babe. 

“We’d better get the hell out of here!” 
Kicker cried. 

“Yeah!” 

“How about her?” 

“We’ll take her along,” Killifer growl¬ 
ed. “I ain’t done with her yet. You get 
our stuff together, and I’ll get the bus 
started!” 

Kicker Dell nodded, turned and hurried 
back towards the farmhouse. Killifer, 
carrying the unconscious girl, made for 
the sedan. 

A grim smile twisted Zeph’s mouth; 
with clenched hands, he backed into the 
woods until he was sure he could not be 
seen. Then he slipped through the brush 
as fast as he could go. He. circled the 
clearing till he was at the rear of the 
house. 

Casting caution aside, he dashed to the 
back door. Noiselessly, he stepped into 
the kitchen. The door to the front room 
was open and he saw Kicker Dell, bend¬ 
ing over a suitcase which he was closing. 
His gun lay on the floor beside him. 

Slowly and silently, Zeph eased for¬ 
ward to the doorway, into the front room. 
And as he stepped across the sill, the 
ancient floorboards creaked. 


THICKER DELL straightened up and 
whirled in a single movement. And 
then Zeph was upon him. A tangled mass 
of arms and legs, they crashed to the 
floor. Over and over the two men rolled. 

Kicker’s hand found Zeph’s face, the 
fingers clutched for his eyes. But only 
for a brief moment. Zeph twisted side¬ 
ways, brought his knee up and sent the 
cursing, panting Kicker hurtling from 
him. Outside a car door slammed. 

Zeph scrambled to his feet. Kicker was 
only on his knees, when Zeph pounced 
upon him again. The tall man’s arms shot 
around Kicker’s body beneath the armpits, 
and before the killer realized what was 
happening, he was pulled upright. 

As Killifer, a gun in each hand, burst 
through the doorway, Zeph had drawn 
Kicker close to him. Killifer’s guns came 
up, but he hesitated. His pal was an un¬ 
willing and cursing shield between those 
ugly weapons and their target. 

The big killer’s face turned livid with 
rage. His eyes became shot with blood 
and the nostrils of his thick nose quivered. 
Zeph Kingdom knew then that he was 
looking into the face of a man gone mad 
with lust for blood. 

Killifer’s hands moved ever so slightly. 
There was a deafening roar. Both guns 
vomited forth their lethal slugs. The im¬ 
pact sent Zeph and his human shield stag¬ 
gering backwards, then to the floor. 

Without waiting to see the effect of his 
shots, Killifer leaped out the doorway 
into the farmyard. 

Vaguely, Zeph was conscious of shouts. 
And as his head cleared, he realized that 
somebody was shooting—a lot of people 
must be shooting. It sounded like a battle. 

He dragged himself from beneath the 
limp figure he had been pressing to him 
even as he fell. In a daze he stood up, 
stared at his hands. They were red, a 
hideous bloody red. He looked down. In 



140 


Dime Detective Magazine 


Kicker Dell’s stomach was a great gaping 
hole. 

Zeph swayed dizzily. He ran the back 
of his hand across his face and it left 
a gory streak. He took a step and almost 
collapsed. And then he knew that one of 
the slugs that ripped into the body of 
Kicker Dell had passed on through into 
his own groin. 

With an effort, Zeph reached the door¬ 
way. There he paused, supporting himself 
against the frame. He looked out into the 
farmyard. Fifty feet away was a still 
figure stretched upon the ground, the 
lifeless fingers clutching a pair of guns. 
Several men were standing over him. 
They stared at Zeph for a moment. One 
of them ran toward him, and Zeph recog¬ 
nized Ed Colvin, the sheriff. 

“Is he dead?” Zeph asked. 

The sheriff nodded. “We blew him to 
hell! He wouldn’t stop!” 

Zeph noticed with a faint smile that 
one of the men was wearing the uniform 
of a forest ranger. “There’s a girl in 
the car,” Zeph said. “You’d better see 
how she is.” 

He limped out into the farmyard. The 
forest ranger and one of the other men 
hurried to him and took his arm. Ed 
Colvin ran to the sedan and jerked the 
door open. 

“You got my note, I see—the one I 
left in the bloody handkerchief,” Zeph 


said to the ranger. "I thought you would, 
Ben.” 

Ben nodded “The first thing I saw this 
morning was a lot of smoke over here 
near the lake. I didn’t lose any time in¬ 
vestigating.” 

“I counted on that,” Zeph said. “But 
there was a chance you wouldn’t see the 
handkerchief.” 

“Not me,” Ben answered. “And when 
I read what you’d written—that Killifer 
and Dell were hiding here and you were 
standing watch on ’em—I phoned the 
sheriff from the tower. He brought his 
gang.” 

“Just in time,” Zeph murmured. 

The sheriff came up. “The girl’s O. K.” 

“Listen, Zeph,” Ben asked suddenly, 
“what the dickens made you think of 
building that smudge?” 

“You mean my—smoke signal?” Zeph 
asked with a funny sort of smile. 

“Sure.” 

"I reckon you’ll have to give old 
Grandpa Kingdom credit for that.” 

The sheriff looked puzzled. “Why 
Zeph, your grandpa’s been dead thirty 
years.” 

“Yep. But when I was a kid he used 
to tell me about the Indians a lot,” Zeph 
said softly. “So I guess I just naturally 
thought of an Indian trick, when I needed 
one.” 


GUN ANGLES 

OUR APOLOCIESt 

We had all ready for you a sheaf of red-hot dope on certain much- 
disputed points regarding guns and their use, sent us by two of our 
authors who know what they’re talking about. But when the issue 
went to press, so crammed-full was it of stories that there was no 
room for GUN ANGLES! We were confident that every one of the 
seven yarns in this issue was a knockout, and felt that you’d rather 
have the stories than the department. So we left it out—not for good, 
but until the next issue. Watch for it then—it’s mighty interesting 
stuff.—THE EDITOR. 





A NEW LIFE TIME BUSINESS 

foPENED TojiiSillSH 


INSTALLING NEW BUSINESS SPECIALTY ON FREE TRIAL—MAKING 
EXCEPTIONAL CASH SAVINGS FOR CONCERNS THROUGHOUT THE U. S. 
AND CANADA 

$4,707 RETURNS Brilliant Record of Success 

For One Kansas Store f&B M I ^hMts, 1 iirSlJ!SMi»i < MS a et<?! ™ 1 mua^eitbn'tin 


FOUR $15 SALES DAILY PAY$280 WEEKLY 


NO HIGH PRESSURE SELLING 
NO HOUSE-TO-HOUSE CANVASSING 


INCOME EQUAL TO REQUIREMENTS OF 
THE HIGH-GRADE BUSINESS MAN 


141 




















MATURE READER 

A and Collectors of § 

lAMATOW * 

1 (DUIRDOM , 

1 OP ALL RACESV L 
W -SEND FOR FhEEOCTAlDGUE-'J 

OF BOOKS ON k 

^Scientific SexuauaJ 

PANTHROPOLOeKALl 
A * ESOTERICA l. 
sS l)N EXPURGATED CLASSICS B 
r Exoticallv Illustrated 

RACIAL ARTS OF LOVE 

MAGICA SEXUALIS 


All FALSTAFF scientific and anthropological 
Books on the Love Relations of Mankind are 
enthralling and highly informative documents by 
authorities of international repute. That is why 
the FALSTAFF list of permanent subscribers 
reads like a "Who’s Who” of American Sophis¬ 
ticated Intellectual Aristocracy. 


' fA&siAff mm 

Dept. 1 -PP,230 Fifth A ve., New York, N.Y. 

Please send me free illustrated catalogs of Amatory 

Name ... Age .. 

Address .. 

City . State . 



TILLIE and MAC 


(NEW STUFF!) Psachea and Browning, 

M&r-XeE? iSnA 0 '®-,_ 

ldfe. >fl ioo to i»orJ°° t llTO n oTS a ^ r L 

Daring French 'type pictures. incL 18 Photos Montma: 
of Men and Women In various poses. Also lncl. Wome 
In different positions, etc., special free with order, “A 
How to Win at Cards," also "The Night Life of Pa 


SPECIAL; ALL FOR $1.00 

PARIS IMPORT CO. 




DEPT. DAT, NEW YORE CITY 


NO MORE 
WHISKEY DRINKING 

An Odorless and Tasteless Treatment 
When Used as Directed 


Any lady can give It secretly at home In tea, coffee or 
food, and it costs nothing to try! If you have a husband, 
son, brother, father or friend who is a victim of whiskey, 
beer or wine, send your name and address to Dr. J. W. 
Haines Co., 1122 Glenn Bldg., Cincinnati. Ohio, and they 
will send you absolutely free, in plain wrapper, a trial 



Women! 



Real Photographs 

of 


BEAUTIFUL GIRLS 

(S lor $1.00) 


THE WALL SHOP 


EPILEPSY—EPILEPTICS! Detroit lady finds 
complete relief for husband. Specialists, home— 

abroad, failed. Nothing to sell. All letters answered. 



Be A Detective 

Make Secret Investigations 
Earn Big Money. Work home or travel. 
Fascinating work. Experience unnecessary. 
DETECTIVE Particulars FREE. Write to 

GEORGE D.P. WAGNER, 2640 Broadway, N.Y. 


LET’S GO PLACES 











































NEW STUFF! 

Winnie Winkle 

For men only. Boss and Bobbles, Fannie Hill, Only a 
Boy, Harold Teen and Lillians, Fanner’s Daughter, Papa 
and Mama, The French Stenographer, The Vampire, The 
End at Helen, What Tommy Saw Under the Parlor Door, 
Twelve Gay Love Letters (Read Two Ways), Gay Life in 
Paris, also 50 rare and Daring French-type pictures 

(Kind Men Like). Also 5* - L - *--- 

beautiful girls in thrilling 



FRENCH PHOTOS 

Taken From life. Front views, rear views sir! 
everything. Couples in intimate poses; 
are they hot! Developed in our own p 


SAVE 50> 


Write today for FREB 
Mail Order price list 
of Sanitary Necessities 
Goods sent in plain 


ONE WOMAN TO ANOTHER 



Snappy New Cartoon Cards 


mmm m 


Use SAN1TUBE to prevent infection. Ask your drug¬ 
gist for the “genuine”'SANITUBE, the original Navy 
Prophylactic, r j^ - - ^ Write for 

if f E for* 3 °° — ■* Free Booklet 

(THE SANITUBE CO. NEWPORT, R. I. 


NEW LQWPflICES 


JUO^YCAB 
tT«r**tom j 

§€!©©elH»tclB 



• Other men have 
read and profited by 


PATENTS 


and illustrates important mechanical principles. 
-~k we also send free “Evidence of Invention” 
nwT'jeanc’eXBer'ienco*’ ( deferred Payments, thirty. 

VICTOR J^EVANsT'co.^Regis'tercd'^Patent"Attorneys. 1 

62I-K, Victor Building, Washington, D. C. 


143 

































144 




































