
CRAIG LEDBETTER 
BOX 5367 

KINGWOOD.TX 77325 
*6/12 ISSUES 


currently enjoying I^burst^of *crLt^ ^ i ons are 

exploitation review both ^ T'lere’s SLIMETIME and 

year, and old -favorites that kleo the last 

SCAREAPHANALIA, VIDEO DRIV^fM =>" like WET PAINT, 

gentlemen, whi in the past ouhn4h h*"'" SUB-HUMAN. Now tw^ 
With contributing to HTT have r=t‘^ exemplary -fanzines along 

Fischer's BEWIlLrbeaST ’alwayj leat" = 

contributions along with h, ■featured excellent outside 
genre -fodder. Well, DeLis hL refr the current 

« four issue limited series cal I'erf^'^onwr^ -first issue o-f 

Contents include a Je-ff Smith cover ^ ^ CHILLED, 

director Michael (MARK OF THE DEVIL) Arm 

Dennis got the title for his z^nel ! ‘which is where 

director Paul Vehoeven and Joe D^nt^ '^■°®°SOP 

■comprehensive survey of genre movies re! "’“''le reviews, and a 
for all 4 issues to: Dennis pre^h ^^l^ased in 1987. Send SIO 
Angeles, CA 90036. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! Ave. , Los 

returned with BPLATTER^TIMEs"#"that ' s^the"' Farmer has 

news is it's in the newsrett;r forL^L^^fh "f"®' 
enough of it (a freauent rnmoT^ * ^ there’s not nearly 

Still, a little srirbetter than 

complain too loudly. Issue B lnrliiH°'^^ let’s not 

piece on Camp video, and interCfl ^ reviews, a short 

Decoteau and Lamberto Bava. ICbs are''i 6/6 <CREEP0Z0IDS) 

sent to: Donald Farmer. 154 Bi n 6 „ r issues and should be 

38501; IP-* Big Spring Cicle, Cookeville, TN 



=^i - 

Rl5P0WSieLC 

RARENTHodD 


t . 


1 


CURSE OF THE SCREAMING DEAD (19B2) MOGUL VIDEO 
DIRECTED BY TONY MAUqNOWSKI 


Ever since George Romero's 
Living Dead •films hit the 
screen, -filmmakers -from all 
over the world have been 
trying to ripo-f-f their success. 

Very -few have come close, so it 
should come as no surprise that 
COTSD misses by a country mile. 

Yet the -formula of the dead re- 
turning to life to attack the 
living is such a good one that 
even a failure like this con- 
tains enough bright spots to pre- 
vent you from engaging the fast 
forward button too often. At 
times it is very reminscent of 
CHILDREN SHOULDN'T PLAY WITH 
DEAD THINGS which is both a plus 
and a minus. 

Three hunters and their female 
companions head out to a seclu- 
ded part of the country to en- 
joy the pleasures of blowing a- 
way furry little creatures. One 
of the hunters, named Mel, has 
a few skeletons in his closet 
(he's a kleptomaniac) which cau- 
ses the group quite a bit of trouble. As they make their way to 
the happy hunting grounds Mel discovers a diary that dates back 
to the days of the Civil War. Seems a Confederate general and 
his men were tortured and they vowed to return one day to exact 
their revenge. Well it doesn't take the brains God gave a box of 
rocks to see what's going to happen next. The theft of the diary 
is the catalyst for the General and the boys to return and spend 
the balance of the flick attacking everyone. After forty minutes 
of this, one of the brain damaged cases (the hunter named Wyatt) 
gets the bright idea of returning the diary. Instantly the 
Confederate dead guys head back to their graves. 



The quality of this video is about as substandard as I've ever 
seen without wondering if I rented a bootleg. I don't blame 
Mogul because it appears like the film itself is the culprit- 
Audio is so poor at times that entire scenes are remedied useless 
because you can't understand a word anyone is saying. The film 
was shot on location in Maryland which aids the mood, but poorly 
composited day and night shooting (one of the actors asks a 
question in daylight and the other answers in darkness) keeps it 
from being sustained. The gore scenes are of the usual type- pull 
out the cow entrails and munch down on them in extreme closeup. 
The one risible detail here is the hilarious dubbing used for the 
zombies eating; it sounds like William Buckley having an orgasm. 


2 


At one point a local cop enters the fray and trys to convince 
everyone that the living dead are only corpses reactivated on 
puppet strings! He’s eaten for his trouble. Finally the score 
by Charlie Barnett consists of a couple of themes played 
endlessly throughout the film. It’ll have you climbing the 
wal Is. 

TERROR (1978) VIDEO CITY PRODUCTIONS 
DIRECTED BY FRANCO PROSPER I 

I’m not a big fan of films in the I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE mode. Too 
many times the director and/or screenwriter uses this genre to 
vent their frustrations toward women (especially those whom are 
either independent or nubile or both). TERROR recreates the 
situations found in films like LAST HOUSE ON THE LEFT or even a 
film from the 50’ s such as DESPERATE HOURS where a house of 
innocent victims is invaded by the sleaziest of villains. 

The film opens with a robbery which demonstrates the gang’s 

brutality, as several innocent people are murdered. The three 

gang members’ auto develops problems so they are forced to seek 
refuge at a villa in the country. At the villa they come across 
Sister Christina (Florinda Balkan) and her students. Of the 
three gang members, Aldo (Ray Lovelock) professes to the women 
that he’s basically a good guy and he’ll try and control the 

other two (Walter and Lino). Walter -and Lino are portrayed as 

just above Cro-magnom level. The sight of a naked woman causes 
them to become slobbering sex fiends with Walter (Flavio Andreini) 
having strong homo-sado-masochistic tendecies (How’s that for dime 
store analysis?). For the next hour the women are abused and 
degraded until Sister Christina can stomach no more. She poisons 
Lino (who was i ncompaci tated during an earlier rape attempt) and 
blows away Walter with his own gun. Aldo (who in 
flashback sequences detailing the robbery, it is discovered killed 
the innocent people) is cornered and beaten to death by all the 
other girls. 

Director Franco Prosperi directs with a surehand (there are a 
minimum number of closeups so the dubbing isn’t as distracting), 
hot flinching when it comes to violence and degradation. 
Unfortunately, he’s recently been forced to direct endless CONAN 
ripoffs (THE INVINCIBLE BARBARIAN and THRONE OF FIRE to name a 
few) but based on this film one can hope he’ll return to the 
horror fold soon. Ray Lovelock’s performance as Aldo convinces us 
of his sincerity only to reveal the low-life SOB he really is. 
Florinda Balkan has appeared in numerous films over the past 
twenty years and her versatility really shows here. Forced to 
appear nude early on only proves he’s not afraid to take on 
difficult roles. This film is considered by some to be a sequel 
(in story similarity only) to Aldo Lado's NIGHT TRAIN MURDERS. 
That film took the plot of LAST HOUSE ON THE LEFT 'and transferred 
it to a train. A difficult film to recommend but at least 
Prosperi doesn’t give in to his baser instincts. The women 
triumph in the end, but at too great a cost. It leaves a bitter 
taste. 


3 


Please note the still to 
your right. Some of you 
will recall my comments 
last issue on Gary Levin- 
son’s thesping ability. Well 
Gary requested a copy of HTT 
27, so I sent him one high- 
lighting in yellow my mention 
of his performance. Gary ob- 
viously has a sense of humor ^ 
the autographed still proves. 

By now you also realize that 
this issue is late and a bit 
thin with reviews. Excuses 
range from a hectic work 
schedule (budget, oil reserves 
cal cul at ions, etc) to the Holiday 
season (a three year old who 
demands she trim the Christmas tree) to the fact that in a few 
months I’ll be moving agai n (groan !) • It will only be across town 
(living out here in the boonies is boring) so no change in HTT’s 
address. Bo expect the next tew issues to be late also. I’ll try 
and make it up with some 8 pagers next year. I hope everyone has 
a good time this season. 

HERE NOW THE NEWS Let me get this off my chest. Empire 

Pictures is legendary for producing mostly junk that is quickly 
relegated to the video screen. Now they’ve gone and formed a 
Video label expressly for crap that they know is so bad they’ve 
given up the thought of any serious exhibition (I know they 
released their first two "films" on a double-bill but trust me, it 
ain’t gonna last). Here is a list of titles supposedly set up 
for release over the next 15 months: 8DRDRITY BABES IN THE SLIME 
BOWL-O-RAMA, GALACTIC GIGOLO, ASSAULT OF THE KILLER BIMBOS. MAXIMUM 
THRUST, HACK ’EM HIGH, SPACE SLUTS IN THE SLAMMER, I WAS A TEENAGE 
SEX MUTANT (obvi ousl y designed for people who rent only Empire 
or Troma product ), BEASTIE BOX , FIENDS (how did somethinq like that 
get in here) , L. A. B. C. , DIRTY FILTHY SLIME, CORPSES NEVER 
BIMBOS, DEVINE, and BEACH BITCHES. I know I’m supposed 

to be objective but I airlt wasting time with that stuff. Lucio 

Fulci’s THE NEW GLADIATORS is set ^or release in December by 

Media. Prism has BLOOD RASE and BLOOD HOOK while Vestron has 

BLOOD DINER. All three are based on children’s toys (not really 

but merchandising is really getting out of hand). New label 

Virgin Vision has an old title for a new film called MADHOUSE. 
Not the Vincent Price nor the Italian made version but one that 
stars Trish Everly as identical twins (one of which has an evil 

dog-ooh, scary) The synopsis to Prism’s MINDKILLER reads like a 

remake of BRAIN FROM PLANET AROUS. Now there’s a film just 

begging to'^Ylone right. 1 know zip about TWE's PLUTONIUM BABY 

and I’d 'like to keep it that way. Academy tries to ripoff 

renters by rereleasing CHRISTMAS EVIL as TERROR IN TOYLAND 

Imperial Entertainment has DEMONS 2, which from the previ ews, 1 ooks 
like a cross between VIDEODROME and THEY CAME FROM WITHIN. ADIOS 



4 


