
DEATH IN A 
COTTAGE 

A Novelette of 
Mystery and Action 
By PAUL ERNST 


<*:#***$ ■ ' 


I*'-, : 

f ^ 


MURDER 

INSURANCE 

A Novelette of a 
Death Racket 

By CHARLES 
MARQUIS WARREN 


S-13 

A Complete 
Spy Novelette 

By STEVE 
FISHER 


^OW A RED LACEY NOVELETTE By GEORGE BRUCE 

10 POPULAR tsss 

DETECTIVE 



GREATEST 


IN TEN YEARS 


Remington 

NOfSELESS 

Portable 


NOW 




A DAYl 


MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE 
10-DAY FREE TRIAL OFFER 


10-DAY FREE TRIAL. Now for the first time 
in history you can own a real Remington NOISE¬ 
LESS Portable for only 10?i a day or $3 a month. 
Think of it! The finest Remington Portable ever 
built at the lowest terms we have ever offered. Every 
attachment needed for complete writing equipment— 
PLUS THE FAMOUS NOISELESS FEATURE. 
Brand new. Not rebuilt. Send coupon today. 

WE PAY ALL SHIPPING CHARGES. You 


FACTORY TO YOU 


The gem of all portables. Imagine a machine that speaks in a 
whisper ,. that removes all limitations of time or place. You can 
write in a library, a sick room, a Pullman berth without the 
slightest fear of disturbing others. And in addition to quiet, a 
superb performance literally makes the words seem to flow 
from the machine. Equipped with all attachments that make for 
complete writing equipment, the Remington Noiseless Portable 
produces manifolding and stencil cutting of truly exceptional 
character Furnished in black with shining chromium attachments. 


don’t risk a penny. We send this Remington Noise¬ 
less Portable direct from factory to you with TEN 
DAYS’ FREE TRIAL. If you are not satisfied, send 
it back. 

FREE —> 

TYPING COURSE 

With your New Remington Noiseless Por¬ 
table we will send you—absolutely FREE 
—a 19-page course in typing. It teaches 
the Touch System, used by all expert 
typists. It is simply written and com¬ 
pletely illustrated. Instructions are as simple as A, B, C. Even a 
child can easily understand this method. A little study and the 
average person, child or adult, becomes fascinated. Follow this 
course during the 10-Day Trial Period we give you with your 
typewriter and you will wonder why you ever took the trouble to 
write letters by hand. 

-1 

Remington Rand Inc., Dept. 169-8 

315 4th Avenue, New York, N. Y. 

Please tell me how I can get a new Remington Noiseless Portable typewriter, | 
plus FREE typing course and carrying case, for only 10c a day. Also send me m 
new illustrated catalogue. 

Name___ I 




ty 

State 



SPECIFICATIONS. Standard 
Keyboard. Finished in glistening 
black with chromium attachments. 
Takes paper 9.5 inches wide Writes 
lines 8.2 inches wide. Standard size, 
12 yard ribbon. Makes up to 7 clear 
legible carbons. Back spacer. Full 
size platen. Paper fingers, roller 


type. Black key cards with white 
letters. Double shift key'and shift 
lock. Right and left carriage re¬ 
lease. Right and left cylinder knobs. 
Large cushion rubber feet. Single 
or double space adjustment. All 
the modern features plus NOISE¬ 
LESS operation. 


MONEY-MAKING OPPORTUNITIES OPEN. 

Hundreds of jobs are waiting for people who can type. A 
typewriter helps you put your ideas on paper in logical, 
impressive form . . . helps you write clear, understandable 
sales reports, letters, articles, stories. A Remington Por¬ 
table has started, many a young man and woman on the 
road to success. 



A GIFT FOR ALL THE FAMILY. If you want a gift for birthday, 
Christmas or Graduation . . . one Father, Mother, 

Sister or Brother will use and appreciate for years 
to come . . give a Remington Noiseless Portable. 

We will send a Remington Noiseless Portable to 
anyone you name, and you can still pay for it at 
only 10c a day. Few gifts are so universally pleas¬ 
ing as a new Remington Noiseless Portable. Write 
today. 




FREE 


CARRYING CASE 

J 

Also under this new Purchase Plan we will send you 
FREE with every Remington Noiseless Portable a 
special carrying case sturdily built of 3-ply \yood. 
This handsome case is covered with heavy du Pont 
fabric. The top is removed by one motion, leaving 
the machine attached to the base. This makes 
it easy to use your Remington anywhere—on knees, 
in chairs, on trains. Don’t delay... send in the coupon for complete details! 
















A Money-Making Opportunity 

for Men of Character 

EXCLUSIVE FRANCHISE FOR 

An Invention Expected to Replace 
A Multi-Million-Dollar Industry 


Costly Work Formerly 
“Sent Out” by Business Men 
Now Done by Themselves 
at a Fraction of the Expense 

This is a call for men everywhere to handle 
exclusive agency for one of the most 
Unique business Inventions of the day. 

Forty years ago the horse and buggy business was supreme—today 
almost extinct. Twenty years ago the phonograph industry ran into 
many millions—today practically a relic. Only a comparatively few 
foresighted men saw the fortunes ahead In the automobile and the 
radio. Yet irresistible waves of public buying swept these men to 
fortune, and sent the buggy and the phonograph into the discard. So 
are great successes made by men able to detect the shift in public favor 
from one industry to another. 

iNW another change is taking place. An old established industry—an integral 
and important part of the nation's structure—in which millions of dollars change hands 
every year—is tn thousands of cases being replaced by a truly astonishin g, si mple inven¬ 
tion which does the 'work better—more reliably—AND AT A COST OFTEN AS LOW 
AS 2% OF WHAT IS ORDINARILY PAID! It has not required very long for men 
who have taken over the rights to this valuable invention to do a remarkable business, 
and show earnings which m these times arc almost unheard of for the average man. 


EARNINGS 

One man in California earned over $1,600 per month for three 
months—close to $5,000 in 90 days’ time. Another writes 
from Delaware —"Since I have been operating (just a little 
less than a month of actual selling) and not the full day at 
that, because I have been getting organized and had to spend 
at least half the day in the office; counting what I have sold 
outright and on trial, I have made just a little in excess of one 
thousand dollars profit for one month." A Connecticut man 
writes he has made $55-00 in a single day’s time. Texas man 
nets over $300 in less than a week’s time. Space does not per¬ 
mit mentioning here more than these few random cases. How¬ 
ever, they arc sufficient to indicate that the worthwhile future 
in this business is coupled with immediate earnings for the 
right kind of man. One man with us has already made over 
a thousand sales on which his earnings ran from $5 to $60 
per sale and more. A great deal of this business was repeat 
business. Yet he had never done anything like this before 
coming with us. That is the kind of opportunity this business 
offers. The fact that this business has attracted to it such 
business men as former bankers, executives of businesses— 
men who demand only the highest type of opportunity and 
income—gives a fairly good picture of the kind of business this 
is. Our door is open, however, to the young man looking for 
the right field inwhichto make his start and develophis future. 


Not a'"Gadget ”— 

Not a “Knick-Knack”— 

but a valuable, proved device which 
has been sold successfully by busi¬ 
ness novices as well as seasoned 
veterans. 

Make no mistake—this is no novelty—no flimsy creatioo 
which the inventor hopes to put on the market. You 
probably have seen nothing hke it yet—perhaps never 
dreamed of the existence of such a device—yet it has already 
been used by corporations of outstanding prominence—by 
dealers of great corporations—by their branches—by doc¬ 
tors, newspapers, publishers—schools—hospitals, etc., etc., 
and by thousands of small business men. You don't have to 
convince a man that he should use an electric bulb to light 
his office instead of a gas lamp. Nor do you have to sell 
the same business man the idea that some day he may need 
something like this invention. The need is already there— 
the money is usually being spent right at that very 
moment — and the desirability of saving the greatest 
part of this expense is obvious immediately. 


Some of the Savings 
You Can Show 

Too w«Ik into an office and put down before poor prospect 
a letter from a sales organization showing that they did 
work in their own office for $11 which formerly could have 
cost them over $200. A building supply corporation pays 
our man $70, whereas the bill could nave been for $1,600! 
An automobile dealer pays our representative $15, whereas 
the expense could have been over $1,000. A department 
•tore has expense of $88.60, possible cost if done outside 
the business being well over $2,000. And so on. We could 
not possibly list all cases here. These are just a few of 
the many actual cases which we place in your hands to 
work with. Practically every line of business and every 
section of the country is represented by these field reports 
which hammer across dazzling, convincing money-saving 
opportunities which hardly any business man can fail to 
understand. 


Profits Typical of 
the Young, Growing Industry 

Going into this business is not like selling something 
offered in every grocery, drug or department store. For 
instance, when you take a $7.50 order, $5.83 can be your 
share. On $1,500 worth of business, your share can be 
$1,167.00. The very least you get as your part of every 
dollar’s worth of business you do is 67 cents—on ten 
dollars' worth $6.70, on a hundred dollars’ worth $67-00 
—in other words mo thirds of every order you get is 
yours. Not only on the first order—but on repeat orders* 
—and you have the opportunity of earning an even larger 
percentage. 

This Business Has 
Nothing to Do With 
House to House Canvassing 

Nor do you have to know anything about high-pressure 
selling. ■'Selling" is unnecessary in the ordinary sense of 
the word. Instead of hammering away at the customer 
and trying to "force” a sale, you make a dignified, 
business-like call, leave the installation—whatever size 
the customer says he will accept—at our risk, let the 
customer sell himself after the device is in and working. 
This does away with the need for pressure on the cus¬ 
tomer—it eliminates the handicap of trying to get the 
money before the customer has really convinced himself 
100%. You simply tdl what you offer, showing proof of 
success in that customer's particular line of business. 
Then leave the invention without a dollar down. It 
starts working at once. In a few short days, the installa¬ 
tion should actually produce enough cash money to pay 
for the deal, yvith profits above the investment coming in 
at the same time. You then call back, collect your money. 
Nothing is so convincing as our offer to let results speak 
for themselves without risk to the customer I While others 
fail to get even a hearing, our men are making sales 
running into the hundreds. They have received the atten¬ 
tion of the largest firms in the country, and sold to the 
smallest businesses by the thousands. 


No Money Need Be Risked 

in trying this business out. You can measure the possi¬ 
bilities and not be out a dollar. If you art looking for a 
business that is not overcrowded —a business that is just 
coming into its own—on the upgrade, instead of the 
downgrade—a business that offers the buyer relief from 
a burdensome, but unavoidable expense—a business that 
has a prospect practically in every office, store, or factory 
into which you can set foot—regardless of size —that is a 
necessity but does not have any price cutting to contend 
with as other necessities do—that because you control 
the sales in exclusive territory is your own business— 
that pays more on some individual sales than many men make 
in a week and sometimes tn a month's time —if such a business 
looks as if it is worth investigating, get in touch wirb us 
at once for the rights in your territory—don’t delay— 
because the chances are that if you do wait, someone else 
will have written to us in the meantime—and if ir turns 
out that you were the better man—we'd both be sorry. 
So for convenience, use the coupon below— but send it right 
away—or wire if you wish. But do it now. Address 

F. B. ARMSTRONG. President 
Dept. 4047H. Mobile, Ala. 


rRusii 


FOR EXCLUSIVE 
TERRITORY PROPOSITION I 

I F. E. ARMSTRONG. Pres.. Dept. 4047H, Mobile. AJa. I 
Without obligation to me. send me full inf or- 
mation on your proposition. 

. Nan*. _ 


• Street or Rout, 

Box No _ 

City - 

State 


“ I 
: i 
i 

_» 


























Vol. XII, No. 1_CONTENTS_August, 1937 

A RED LACEY NOVELETTE 

DEATH MASQUERADE.George Bruce 12 

Neither Bombs Nor Tommy Guns Block the Path of the Hardboiled 
Sleuth when Terror Routs His Old Home Stamping Grounds! 


OTHER FULL-LENGTH NOVELETTES 

DEATH IN A COTTAGE...Paul Ernst +4 

To Whitewash Black Deeds, a Wily Killer Runs the Gamut of 
Mass Murder—Playing a Gruesome Game of Greed! 

MURDER INSURANCE.Charles Marquis Warren 76 

Ken Boyce Tries for a Long Shot—and Gets a Swell Close-Up—when 
He Burns the Road for Easy Money Heels! 

DEATH ON THE S-13.Steve Fisher 104 

The Ocean's Depths Conceal a Fiendish Plot within the 
Battery Room of a Submarine! 


FIVE THRILLING SHORT STORIES 

WHAT! NO IMAGINATION?..Frederick C. Painton 33 

Steve Lake Slides Out of Favor on Hot Ice 

HEAVENLY WEED.Westmoreland Gray 59 

A Former Baseball Star Makes a Headline Play Against Crime 

IN THE MURDERER’S BRAIN.Ray King 63 

A Tale from the Annals of the Scientific Crime Club 

WANTED BY THE D. A.Avin H. Johnston 95 

A Nemesis Lurks in the Sweet Scent of a Rose! 

MURDER UNDER THE MICROSCOPE.Ray Cummings 97 

Featuring Doctor Feather, Crime Specialist! 

OFFICIAL BUSINESS .A Department 6 


POPULAR DETECTIVE, published monthly by Better Publications, Inc., at 22 West 48th Street, New 
York, N. Y. N. L. Pines, President. Subscriptions yearly, $1.20 ; single copies, $.10. Foreign and Canada 
postage extra. Entered as second-class matter August 21, 1934, at the Post office at New York, N. Y., under 
the Act of March 3, 1879. Copyright, 1937, by Better Publications, Inc. Manuscripts will not be returned 
unless accompanied by self-addressed, stamped envelope and are submitted at the author’s risk. 173 

Names of all characters used in stories and semi-fiction articles are fictitious. If the name of 
any living person or existing institution is used, it is a coincidence. 


Read our Companion Magazines: The Phantom Detective, Thrilling Detective, Thrilling Western, 
Thrilling Confessions, Thrilling Ranch Stories, Thrilling Adventures, Thrilling Wonder Stories, 
Thrilling Sports, Thrilling Mystery, Thrilling Love, Sky Fighters, The Lone Kagle, Popular Love. 
Popular Sports, Popular Western, G-Men, Everyday Astrology, and Texas Rangers. 





























fi/ew 6 -Volt 

TRINDL Clectrie 
ARC WCIDCR 


PATENTS PENOl.Ng 


RETAILS 


Works on Storage Battery 
or 110 Volt Light Circuit 

A REAL WELDER 


Men. here Is the hottest specialty Item 
that has come along in years. A real 
honest to goodness electric arc welder 
that does a man size job. Built stur¬ 
dily of the finest materials. Requires 
no mechanical knowledge—any one can 
use it. Every demonstration should 
make a sale. This new Trindl Elec¬ 
tric Arc Welder is made possible 
by the invention of a low voltage car¬ 
bon which gets white hot from the cur¬ 
rent of an ordinary 6 volt storage bat¬ 
tery such as in your automobile. It 
only uses about 20 to 25 amperes of 
current which is about the same cur¬ 
rent drain as 4 headlight bulbs, yet 
develops about 7000 degrees of heat. 



EA 


FACTS 


MELTS 


STEEL 


IRON AND 
INSTANTLY 

The Trindl Welder is simple to use. Expert 
welding can be done by anyone. The 
Trindl Are Welder is the only battery welder that, after a rigid test, has 
been approved by the Automotive Test Laboratories of America. It is 
ideal for making permanent fender repairs—also for broken castings, 
radiators, cylinders, water jackets, holes in auto bodies, hog troughs, 
boilers, tanks, milk cans, radios, batteries, etc. Iron, Steel, Brass, Cop¬ 
per and Tin can be worked on for a quick and permanent repair. The 
repaired part will be as strong as before. 

NEW 110 VOLT CONVERTER 
MAKES FULL SIZE PROFES¬ 
SIONAL UNIT 

This new converter is used on any 110 volt 60 cycle electric light socket 
in place of a storage battery. It is especially designed to be used with the 
Trindl Electric Arc Welder—COSTS LESS THAN A GOOD BATTERY 
—The combination makes a full size professional electric arc welder that 
everybody can use. Ideal for fender and repair shop needs. This is a 
sensation, not only in price but also in actual results. The converter 
represents the same fine construction and engineering skill as the arc 
welder. The complete outfit, including! the transformer, is easily portable 
so that it can be brought right to the job. 

USERS SWEAR BY IT. 


Electnc V ArcSr, f . rMn TrindI l 

Plea* find enclosed for 19 1 

a w bt d n 0 i «» 

S. ng fi*e.”-W. c. SS&Sl 


The price is so low that now any¬ 
one can afford to have a real 
welding outfit. Think of the profit you can make introducing this Trindl 
Welder and Converter—a simple five minute demonstration should make 
a sale to every interested prospect, especially when they hear the amaz¬ 
ingly low price. Garages, radio and battery men, tinners, sheet 

metal workers, janitors, farmers and home-owners all need the MAIL COUPON NOW! 


I Nebr. 

pu*d Louis F. Glier, Ohio. 

V TA^lr g with 

I order for 12 more 
I Welders.” _ En n ' Arc 
| Florida. n °‘ Poster, 

I "I received my welder u • 

|A I rc°Weti^ y | , n r th T I l ndl E,ectric 

J-C. Gillies, Canada^ 0 mmute8 -” 


$10.50 a day profit for you for only 
selling 6 Trindl Arc Welders. No 
matter where you turn, you will find 
people who will want to buy arc 
welders from you. Garages, shop 
men, radio repair men, farmers, 
home-owners, mechanics, janitors, 
all of them need Trindl Electric Arc 
Welders. Be the man in your terri¬ 
tory to clean up with Trindl. 


Trindl Welder and Converter. 


ACT NOW! 

territory for us. 
coupon Today. 


There are big profits and a steady busi¬ 
ness waiting for you taking care of your 
Don’t let someone else get in before you—Send 


TRINDL PRODUCTS 

2229-PA Calumet Ave., Chicago, III. 


TRINDL PRODUCTS 
2229-PA Calumet Ava. 

Chicago, Illinois 

Yes I Rush me free particulars of how I can 
make big money with Trindl Electric Aro 
Welders and Converters. This does not obli¬ 
gate me in any way. 

Name ... 

Local Address... 

City . 

State . 

















•*Official Business-* 


EXT month we bring you 
—THE SAINT. 

The world’s greatest out¬ 
law-sleuth! Suave, dapper and deb¬ 
onair — daring, sophisticated and 
keen-witted! Himself the most per¬ 
sistent manhunter of them all—he is 
in turn hunted by underworld and 
police forces alike! A character that 
has taken detective story fans by 
storm—created by a master of mys¬ 
tery thrillers, LESLIE CHARTERIS! 

Simon Templar—THE SAINT— 
returns to the pages of POPULAR 
DETECTIVE in THE SAINT’S 
PROGRESS, a complete novel which 
is threaded with thrills from the 
first page to the last! 

With supreme agility the roguish 
Saint tricks his traditional enemy, 
Inspector Teal, into helping him! 
And so Scotland Yard, unaware, puts 
its power behind the activities of 
Simon Templar: 

International Intrigue 

It’s a baffling international plot 
that THE SAINT is called upon to 
solve in THE SAINT’S PROGRESS! 
The trail is blazed with sudden death 
and shadowed with sinister secrets. 

One slender clue — and it means 
everything to THE SAINT, and 
nothing to Scotland Yard. But— 

Just wait until you read it! You’ll 
be breathless with excitement as the 
outlaw-sleuth traps a powerful ring 
of master counterfeiters! Your 
pulses will pound as you near the 
startling conclusion of this brand- 
new LESLIE CHARTERIS novel! 

Senor Muerte 

Next on the list of headliners for 
September is DARK PASSPORT, a 
complete novelette of waterfront 
mystery by John Hawkins. It’s an¬ 
other daring exploit of Senor Muerte, 
the reckless fighter who faces gang¬ 
ster guns boldly! Muerte, almost a 
legendary figure, is his own judge 


and jury. His trials are swift, his 
sentences merciless. Five men have 
tried to outdraw him—these five are 
dead! 

Each of these five men is a killer, 
each beyond the reach of the law— 
until Senor Muerte traps them! 

In DARK PASSPORT, Muerte lifts 
the black cloak of mystery from 
silent, black waters that hide a 
secret of grim, bloody murder. It’s a 
swift-moving novelette of solo cour¬ 
age and quick thinking pitted 
against the snares of crime. 

Magic and Murder 

Diamondstone is a magician, and, 
like all other gentlemen of the 
abracadabra, he despises the char¬ 
latans who employ trickery for evil 
purposes. 

Dal Rama, Blessed Guardian of 
the Buddha of Bhutan, with his 
turban included, is every bit as tall 
as the Great Diamondstone—and al¬ 
most as clever. 

THE BUDDHA WHISPERS, a 
complete novelette by G. T. Flem- 
ing-Roberts, in our next issue, shows 
what happens when a modern 
Houdini matches wits with a cun¬ 
ning Mephistopheles! Trick for 
trick, stunt for stunt, the two 
mighty masters of legerdemain and 
ventriloquism duel to a finish—and 
murder is trumps! 

In addition to these headliners, 
many other crime and mystery 
stories will appear in the next issue. 

John Blakeman, Boston, Mass., 
writes: “Your magazine is improv¬ 
ing with every issue. Keep it up.” 
That’s typical of many comments 
we are receiving from readers—and 
it’s your letters of criticism and sug¬ 
gestions that are helping us im¬ 
prove! So keep those missives roll¬ 
ing in. All your ideas are taken into 
account when we plan future issues. 
Thanks! 

—THE EDITOR. 



6 






wa$ t ucked-t«en a tip ootbilla 


MY RAISE DIDN’T COME THROUGH 
MARY-1 MIGHT AS WELL GIVE UP. 
IT ALL LOOKS SO HOPELESS. 

\ 




N.R.I.TRAINING CERTAINLY PAYS. 
OUR MONEY WORRIES ARE 
OVER AND WE’VE A BRIGHT 
FUTURE AHEAD IN RADIO. 


OH BILL, IT'S WONOERFUL 
YOU'VE GONE AHEAD 
SO FAST IN RADIO. 



HERE'S PROOF 

THAT MY TRAINING PAYS 




"Since securing my 
operator’s license 
through N. It. I. 


"I am making from 

_ ___ $10 to $25 a week in 

Training, I’ve been spare time while 
regularly employed still holding myregu- 


and am now chief en¬ 
gineer with WJBY. 
My salary has in¬ 
creased $1,200 in Ra¬ 
dio. "—JULIUS O. 
VESSELS, Station 
WJBY, Gadsden, 
Alabama. 


lar job as a machin¬ 
ist. I owe my success 
to N. R. I.”—WM. 
F. RUPP. 130 W. 
6th St., Cfonsho- 
hocken, Pa. 



$3,800 a Year 
In 

Own Business 

• "After eomplet- 
> ing the N. R. I. 

: Course I became 

* Radio Editor of the 
Buffalo Courier. Later I started 
a Radio service business of my 
own. and have averaged over 
$3*500. a year.’’—T. J. TELAAK. 
BB7 Broadway. Buffalo, New York. 



I LL TRAIN YOU AT HOME) 

in Your Spare Time For A ' 

GOOD RADIO JOB 

^ _ 

Many Radio Experts Make $30# $50, $75 a Week\\ 

Do you want to make more money? Broadcasting stations em¬ 
ploy engineers, operators, station managers and pay up to 
$5 000 a year. Spare time Radio set servicing pays as much as 
$200 to $500 a year—full time servicing jobs pay as much as $30, 

$50, $75 a week. Many Radio Experts own their own full or 
part time Radio businesses. Radio manufacturers and jobbers 
employ testers, inspectors, foremen, engineers, servicemen, pay¬ 
ing up to $6,000 a year. Radio operators on ships get good pay 
and see the world. Automobile, police, aviation, commercial 
Radio, and loud speaker systems offer good opportunities now 
and for the future. Television promises many good jobs soon. 

Men 1 trained have good jobs in these branches of Radio. 

Many Make $5, $10, $15 a Week Extra 
in Spare Time While Learning 
Practically every neighborhood needs a good spare time service¬ 
man. The day you enroll 1 start sending you Extra Money Job 
Sheets. They show you how to do Radio repair jobs that you 
can cash in on quickly. Throughout your training I send plans 
and ideas that have made good spare time money for hundreds 
of fellows. I send special equipment which gives you practical 
experience—shows you how to conduct experiments and build 
circuits which illustrate important Radio principles. 

Find Out What Radio Offers You 

Mail the coupon now for "Rich Rewards in Radio.** It*s free 
to any fellow over 16 years old. It describes Radio’s spare time 
and full time opportunities, also those coming in Television; 
tells about my Training in Radio and Television; shows you 
actual letters from men I have trained, telling what they are 
doing and earning; tells about my Money Back Agreement. 

MAIL COUPON in an envelope, or paste on a post card—NOW! 

J. E. SMITH, President, Dept. 71103 
National Radio Institute, Washington, D. C. 

J. E. SMITH, President, Dept. 7HOO 

National Radio Institute, Washington, D. C. — g 

Dear Mr. Smith: Without obligating me, send "Rich Rewards in Radio,” | 
which points out the spare time and full time opportunities in Radio and 
explains your 50-50 method of training men at home in spare time to 
Radio ~ . 


J. e. SMITH, President 
National Radio Institute 

The man who baa directed 
the home study training of 
more men for Radio than 
any other man la America. 



become 


i Experts. (Please Write Plainly.) 


NAME.-.AGE.. 


ADDRESS.. 




CITY.STATE.. 































































How’s your Sex Appeal today? 



• Does she turn lily- | i 
of-the-valley on you jgj 
and say she has to go 
home, after you've 
shown her your 
etchings? 


w HEN she babbles about Bob Considine 
and Peter Arno and Heywood Broun and 
Jeff Machamer, do you grunt and ask 
where the devil she has been meeting these 
new guys? 

When you cut in on her and dust off 
the old one about the traveling salesman 
and the farmer’s daughter, do you wonder 
why she flags the stag-line? 

When you invite her up to your room to 
see your etchings, does she turn lily-of-the- 
valley on you and say she has to go home? 

And, after you’ve spent all your money 
on theatre tickets and taxis and lobster 
suppers, docs she turn a cold shoulder on 
you and go for a perfectly nondescript 
freshman just because he knows so many 
cute paper games? 


Fella, if your answer to even one of 
these pertinent questions is “yes,” you 
need COLLEGE HUMOR. You need it 
badly! You need COLLEGE HUMOR 
in your life to keep you on-your-toes about 
the smart writers and artists. 

You need COLLEGE HUMOR, with 
its bright quips and cartoons, to keep your 
line whittled to a fine edge. You need the 
“Mental Merry-Go-Round,” a monthly 
game feature, to make you a social success. 

And most of all, you need COLLEGE 
HUMOR tossed casually about your room 
as bait for skittish maidens. (Actual figures 
prove that COLLEGE HUMOR gets 50% 
better response than etchings.) 

Don’t delay a minute! Clip the coupon 
below and send it off NOW. 


SPECIAL! 


NINE ISSUES FOR 

$ 1.00 


I SUBSCRIPTION DEPT., COLXEGE HUMOR PopD-8l 
I 23 WEST 48th STREET, NEW YORK CITY 
■ My dollar is pinned to this coupon. Please send the | 
| next nine issues to: 

| Name. 1 

) Address. I 


City. 


State 


L 


(Foreign, $1.60) 


J 











SAY / SINCE WHEN HAVE 
YOU BEEN PLAYING a 
THE PIANO ? -A /tm —g§ 


r I JUST 
LEARNED 
-ALL BY 
MYSELF; 
TOO a 


New Invention 1 

No more fumbling at the keys I No more 
endless practicing of scales! The wonderful 
‘‘Note Finder” shows you where every note 
is located. You soon become familiar with 
the keyboard. 



Now You Can Play Any Instrument 
by this Amazingly Simple Method 


E VERYTHING is clear, simple, easy to 
understand. You can learn to play your 
favorite instrument by actual notes. 

Tate the piano, for example. Instead of 
fumbling at the keys, trying to locate the 
proper notes, you merely use the “Note 
Finder.” the wonderful invention that tells 
you exactly which keys to strike. 

And the “Note Finder” is a new short-cut 
exclusive with the U. S. School that make 
it possible to learn in a surprisingly short 
time. You actually play a real tune almost at the 
very start! And it is only a matter of weeks before 
you will surprise your friends—and yourself—with 

your amazing progress. _ 

Yet this is no “trick” method. There are no num¬ 
bers,” no “memory stunts.” You learn to play by note, 
just as the best musicians do. But the drudgery has 
been eliminated. This new method is as agreeable as 
It is rapid. Strange as it may seem, you’ll really 
enjoy every minute of it. 

learn to Play Popular Music at Sight 

Almost before you realize it, you’ll be able to pick 
up the average sheet music and understand it! You’ll 
learn to read music, popular and classic, and play it 
from the notes. You’ll acquire a life-long ability to 
entertain your friends, amuse yourself, and if you 
like, make money in one of the most pleasant and 
best paid of professions. You’ll be popular and 
admired, showered with invitations to good times, 
welcomed wherever you go. 

Yes, you’ll reap golden rewards from the few min¬ 
utes a day you spend learning to play. You need no 
private teacher, no special talent. And the cost is 
trifling, only a few pennies a day. What’s more, all 
your sheet music, dozens of pieces, ie supplied with¬ 
out extra cost! 

What instrument will it be? The piano, violin, sax¬ 
ophone, guitar, piano accordion ? Choose your favorite 


LEARN TO PLAY 
BY NOTE 
Piano Guitar 
Violin Saxophone 
Organ Mandolin 
Tenor Banjo 
Hawaiian Guitar 
Piano Accordion 
Or Any Other 
instrument 


—you’ll be amazed to discover how quickly 
you can learn it. Every step is made 
crystal clear in print—and pictures. First 
you are told how a thing is done, then a 
picture show’s you how. Even a child can 
learn by this A-B-C method. Yet it is so 
absolutely right that accomplished musi¬ 
cians find it a revelation. 

FREE BOOK AND 
DEMONSTRATION LESSON 

Why miss all the pleasure that music holds for 
you? Why he out of it because you cant play? 
Send today for Free Proof that you CAN learn to 
play—in less time and with less effort than you per¬ 
haps ever imagined. The coupon below will bring 
you a fascinating illustrated booklet and a demonstra¬ 
tion lesson that will open your eyes. Also full partic¬ 
ulars of the wonderful offer now open to you. Over 
700,000 others have enrolled and studied this home 
study method. Now it’s your turn. There is abso¬ 
lutely no cost or obligation in sending for the FACTS. 
If you are really anxious to become a good player on 
your favorite instrument, mail the coupo'n or write—• 
but do it NOW. (Note: Instruments supplied when 
needed, cash or credit.) U. S. School of Music, 2948 
Brunswick Bldg., New York City, N. Y. 

Thirty-ninth Year (Established 1898) 

U. S. School ot Music. 2948 Brunswick Bldg . N. V. C.. N. Y _ J 
I Please send me FREE your Illustrated Booklet and Demonstra- | 
1 tion Lesson. No obligation on my part. I am Interested in the . 
I following instrument. Have you Instr?. I 

« 

* Name . I 


L_ 


City. 


State. 











































I POSED IN 
THE NUDE 

When Another Girl’s Disgrace Drove 
Me to the Brink of Despair! 



M Y HEART beat a strange tattoo 
when Garth Endicott took me in his 
arms and we danced. I suddenly felt 
as if I were floating in flower-scented space, 
and that only Garth’s strong arms were hold¬ 
ing me to earth as they were holding me to 
him. 

Nor did I know that in that astoundingly 
blissful moment of love’s first realization 
that I was shivering, until he said, his deep 
voice smooth, a little amused: “You’re 
trembling, Karen. Cold?” 

I laughed, and the sound of my own 
laughter in the warm, crowded, dim-lit 
nightclub seemed to bring me back to earth, 
give me confidence. «. 

“No,” I said. “I’m not used to champagne. 
This is only the second time I’ve ever 
tasted it.” 

“Really?” He was staring down at me, 
his eyes scrutinizing the upturned earnest¬ 
ness of my face. “Funny! But you don’t 
look like a champagne girl—even if you are 
Penny Hayden’s friend.” 

Something queer struck into my heart. 
Of course, Garth must know all about 
Penny and Talbot Langley. Did he im¬ 
agine— 


When we went back to our table, I made 
a gallant pretense of trying to be nice to 
Nap Durat, yet throughout the evening I 
was aware of Garth Endicott’s dark eyes 
upon me, mocking, quizzical. 

Nap and I left Penny and Talbot at the 
club about two. In his car I felt his hand 
closing over mine. “Don’t be frightened,” 
he said and laughed. “I am not going to 
make love to you.” 

I withdrew my fingers. “Should I be dis¬ 
appointed?” 

“That,” he shrugged, “is as you willl But 
I have another purpose. I wish you to pcse 
for me. You have the loveliest figure of 
any girl I’ve ever seen.” 

“But I’ve never done that sort of work,” 
1 told him. “Wouldn’t you be better off 
with someone more experienced?” 

“No,” said Nap Durat. “I want you. I 
will pay you fifty dollars if you will come 
to my studio tomorrow afternoon. Bring 
your friend, Miss Hayden, with you, if you 
wish.” 

“I—” I started breathlessly to accept, 
but he was speaking again. 

“Of course you will pose in the nude.” 

I felt myself choke. Then— 


CONTINUE THIS GIRL'S SENSATIONAL REVELATIONS IN 



A NEW MAGAZINE OF REAL-LIFE EXPERIENCES 




NOW ON SALE 10c AT ALL STANDS 


































★ ★★★★★★★ 



I Want to Be Happy! 
I Want to Be Loved! 


I Want to Be Popular! 

W HAT a thrill it is to get what 
you want! Imagine having a 
magic wand that makes every wish 
come true. Futile? But think of what 
astrology is asked to reveal: 

Was I born to be rich or poor? 

Will I get my heart’s desire? 

Who and where is my soul mate? 

Don’t be afraid to use your inherent 
magic—the gifts with which you were 
endowed at birth, according to solar 
astrology. Here is your chance to ascer¬ 
tain your trends and potentialities, also 
your zodiacal identity with the Air, 
Fire, Water and Earth Signs. 

Send for your solar horoscope—the modern 
way to analyze yourself. Amazing and de¬ 
lightful. Fascinate your friends with what 
you can tell them after you have received 
your solar horoscope. Use coupon below and 
send with 10c for mailing and service. 


EVERYDAY ASTROLOGY, 

22 West 48th Street, 

New York, N. Y. 

Please send me Solar Horoscope for my 
birth period. I will retain it for personal 
use. Herewith find 10c (coin or stamps) for 
mailing and service. 



1 was Born. 

MONTH (1st to 31st) YEAR 


Spare Time Training 

that helps you 

Speed Up 
Prosperity! 

■p\0 YOU want to speed up the return of prosperity 
to you—insure your early and large participation 
in the new jobs, promotions and salary increases— 
get fullest benefits from the business pick-up? 

You can do it. 

For many months to come, individual competition 
in business will be tremendous. Employers—up against 
new problems, fighting for survival and profits—will 
be able to pick and choose. Naturally they will prefer 
the trained man—the man who has special ability'to 
offer them. 

If you wish this advantage, simply mark on the 
coupon the field of business in which you are most 
interested. We will send you full information about 
the opportunities in that field, tell you how our com¬ 
plete success-building program helps you plan your 
future, trains you in your spare time, and works with 
you all through your career. Send the coupon NOW. 

— • — — • Find Yourself Through LaSalle • — — 

LaSalle Extension University 
Dept. 8329 -r Chicago 

Please send me full Information regarding the 
success-building training and service I have 
marked with an X below. Also a copy of “Ten 
Years’ Promotion in One"—all without obliga¬ 
tion to me. 

□ Business Management: Training for Of¬ 
ficial, Managerial, Sales and Departmental 
Executive positions. 

□ Modern Salesmanship: Training for posi¬ 
tion as Sales Executive, Salesman, Sales 
Trainer, Sales Promotion Manager, Manu¬ 
facturer’s Agent, and all positions in retail, 
wholesale or specialty selling. 

□ Higher Accountancy: Training for posi¬ 
tion as Auditor, Comptroller, Certified Pub¬ 
lic Accountant, Cost Accountant, etc. 

□ Traffic Management: Training for posi¬ 
tion as Railroad or Industrial Traffic Man¬ 
ager, Rate Expert, Freight Solicitor, etc. 

□ Law: LL. B. Degree. 

□ Modern Foremanshlp: Training for posi¬ 
tions in Shop Management, such as that 
of Superintendent, General Foreman, Fore¬ 
man, Sub-Foreman, etc. 

□ Industrial Management: Training for 

Works Management, Production Control, 
Industrial Engineering, etc. 

□ Modern Business Correspondence: 

Training for Sales or Collection Correspon¬ 
dent, Sales Promotion Manager, Mail Sales 
Manager, Secretary, etc. 

□ Stenography: Training in the new superior 
machine shorthand, Ste 

□ Railway Station 
Management 

□ Railway Accounting 

□ Expert Bookkeeping 

□ Business English 

□ Commercial Law 

□ Credit and Collec¬ 
tion Correspondence 

□ Public Speaking 

□ C. P. A. Coaching 

□ Office Management 

□ Stenotypy 



NAME 


Nam€ 


Age 


ADDRESS 


Present Position 


•STATE 


A ddrest 


CITY 

PopD-8 


























Neither Bombs Nor Tommy Guns Block the 




The girl looked on, horror-stricken 


With a grating sound 


DEATH 


CHAPTER I 


Backbone of the Nation 


R ED LACEY’S little Ford con¬ 
vertible weaved expertly in 
- and out of the dense traffic 
of Fallon Street. Lacey sat behind 
the wheel, driving with unconscious 
skill, his steel-grey eyes filled with 
a strangely ruminative light, his 
black fedora hat pushed back over 
the queerly white expanse of his 
forehead so that the crisp, curling, 
brick-red hair which clung tightly 
to his skull was visible. 


Red Lacey Goes Berserk When Terror 


12 










































Path of a Courageous, Hardboiled Sleuth! 



the sap broke teeth and mouth 


MASQUERADE 


Both sides of the street were lined 
with pushcarts. There were car 
tracks in the center of the street and 
a multitude of trucks and drays 
pounded and jounced over the cobble¬ 
stone paving. The pushcarts were 
lined in a solid mass. Piled on them 
was an assortment of merchandise 
appalling and profuse — piled up, 
jumbled masses of merchandise 
which fat, perspiring women pawed 
over lackadaisically, watched by 
sleepy-eyed, almost inert merchants 
who seemed completely disinterested 
in salesmanship or customer interest. 


Fruits and vegetables, meats, gar¬ 
ments, hardware, notions, odds and 
ends of bolts of cloth, haberdashery, 
cart after cart, pushed into position 
indiscriminately. And the hot sun 
beat down into the narrow canyon of 
Fallon Street, and the cluttered pave¬ 
ments and cobblestones gave off 
shimmering heat eddies until the 
space between the ancient brick 
buildings became like the interior of 
a crematory. 

Draymen and truck drivers cursed 
lethargically. Trolley motormen 
clanged bells half-heartedly. Even 


Routs His Old Home Stamping Grounds! 


13 


















































14 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


the children playing in the street, at 
peril of life and limb, seemed to run 
and to yell in slow motion. The win¬ 
dows of the tenements were fes¬ 
tooned with pillow's, and on the pil¬ 
lows, ladies of the neighborhood 
leaned on meaty elbows—leaned 
with a fine disregard for the ran¬ 
dom display of feminine anatomy 
which should have been reserved for 
the eyes of more or less fond hus¬ 
bands—leaned and conversed hap¬ 
hazardly, as if no zest remained in 
neighborhood gossip. 

Strange smells, hot, foreign, im¬ 
pregnated the heat. 

Lacey’s eyes looked at the traffic 
of Fallon Street, looked at the faces, 
the skull-caps, the beards, the black 
vestments, the tired, dragged-out 
women, the white-faced children, the 
straining horses, and the sizzling 
trucks. 

B ESIDES him, surrounded by an 
aura of almost regal splendor, 
rode Willie Quirk. Willie’s uplifted 
nose was distinctly sniffing at Fallon 
Street odors. His freckled, impish 
face was drawn up into a grimace of 
impatience. 

“Jeez, what a joint!” complained 
Willie. “How come you didn’t cut 
over to LaFayette Street and get a 
decent break goin’ uptown?” 

The cabriolet was stopped by the 
immovable traffic ahead. Lacey’s 
head turned, his eyes looked at Willie 
Quirk. The queer, rapt look was still 
in the steel-grey depths. 

“Every now and then, Willie, I 
deliberately drive through here,” he 
said strangely. “It kind of helps a 
guy to keep things straight in his 
mind. It kind of keeps his sense of 
values in proportion.” 

“I don’t get it,” groaned Willie. 
“It’s hotter than the inside of a 
rhumba dancer’s instep.” 

“Look, Willie,” said Lacey, with a 
nod toward the teeming sidewalks. 
“See those pushcarts? See those 
stores? See those people?” 

“Sure!” grunted Willie. “So 
what?” 

“Those people are the backbone of 
New York City,” remarked Lacey 
in the same strange voice. “And 


people like them are the backbone 
of the whole United States of Amer¬ 
ica.” 

Willie Quirk merely stared at 
Lacey’s face. There was a little 
frown of worry and perplexity on his 
forehead. He looked at Lacey’s face 
anxiously as if to assure himself 
that his beloved “Chief” was physi¬ 
cally and mentally fit and in no dan¬ 
ger of heat prostration. He nodded 
vaguely. 

“Uh—oh—sure. Backbone. You 
said it, Chief.” 

“See those little metal signs on 
those pushcarts, Willie?” 

“Them peddler’s licenses?” 

“Yeah. Know what that means?” 

“Sure, they go down to City Hall 
and put up a couple of bucks and get 
one of them tin signs, they tack it 
on the cart, and they’re in business!” 

“More than that!” smiled Lacey. 
“Those little tin signs represent 
taxes paid. Thousands of dollars gor¬ 
ing into the treasury of the City of 
New York and to the Government. 
Those stores there on both sides of 
the street. Every one of them pays 
a license, and taxes on top of that. 
Taxes mean money. Taxes build big, 
beautiful buildings like the new 
court buildings we just passed. 
Taxes, the dollars — sweat-covered, 
grimy dollars from Fallon Street, 
and other streets like it.” 

“Well, gosh, everybody pays taxes, 
don’t they?” asked Willie. “Why, 
didn’t that Man with the Whiskers 
make me pay out on that dough we 
made? Ain’t I a taxpayer?” 

“It’s a little different with these 
people, Willie,” said Lacey in the 
same, almost sombre tone. “They 
get so little back for their money. I 
guess, proportionately, they pay 
more taxes than anybody else in the 
country. They pay ’em more hon¬ 
estly. You see, they can’t cheat. 
They don’t make enough to hire fast 
talking, slippery lawyers to chisel 
the Government and the city. They 
can’t cover up. They just pay what 
they’re told to pay, and no questions 
asked. And the damned shame of it 
is that a lot of the money they pay 
goes uptown to make Central Park 
sections beautiful—so that the tax 


DEATH MASQUERADE 


15 


chiselers can have lovely places to 
walk their dogs. A lot of the sweat- 
stained money that comes out of 
Fallon Street goes uptown.” 

Lacey’s eyes closed for a minute. 
Perhaps the glare of the sun had 
something to do with it. His voice 
became distant. 

“Squalor and magnificence, side by 
side. Maybe, upstairs in one of those 
tenement rooms, a little kid is stand¬ 
ing with a fiddle under his chin. A 
little kid who never had quite enough 
to eat. And the bow is going back 
and forth across the strings, and 
the little kid doesn’t even feel the 
heat. And maybe, someday, that 
little kid will stand up in front of a 
boiled-shirted audience in Carnegie 
Hall, and he’ll be another Elman, or 
Heifetz. 

“And maybe, in another room, a 
kid is sitting in front of a piano—a 
piano. Maybe an old man is going 
around with holes in his shoes, and 
a mother is not going to a doctor 
about that pain in her side to get 
that piano. And his fingers are push¬ 
ing down those keys — and maybe 
another Gershwin will come out of 
that boy. 

“Or another kid is standing up 
on the roof, looking down on this 
street, dreamy eyed, drinking it in— 
and another Fannie Hurst is being 
born.” 

“What—fan dancers, too?” asked 
Willie. 

“Fannie Hurst is a writer, Willie.” 
grinned Lacey suddenly. 

“Oh, ’scuse me. I guess the first 
name kind of threw me off. Sure.” 

“Fallon Street has something Park 
Avenue never will have,” said Lacey. 
“Fallon Street has its dreams—it 
sleeps with the dreams. It forgets 
the heat and the smells and the 
clamor and the gongs. Dreams— 

. round-eyed people, shuffling in here 
from other countries—bringing with 
them nothing but dreams. Exploited, 
gouged, victimized—still they cling 
to the dreams. Dreams are life down 
here; I guess that’s why I like to 
drive through Fallon Street. Park 
Avenue has no dreams. Park Avenue 
hasn’t feeling enough to dream, isn’t 
close enough to life.” 


“Gee, Chief,” said Willie, “you got 
relatives down here?” 

“See that corner?” asked Lacey 
with a faint, white smile. 

“Sure, Fallon and Orchid. Why?” 
“My grandfather was born right 
around that corner and lived there 
to the last day of his life.” 

“Your grandfather?” marveled 
Willie. 

“Sure. Any reason why I shouldn’t 
have a grandfather? Most people 
have.” 

“No—no. Only— Gee, it’s funny, 
hearin’ you talk about a grand¬ 
father ! Somehow a guy gets the 
idea that you was always here, that 
you were born grown-up. Get it? 
Just kinda happened along, just as 
you are.” 

Lacey grinned. 

T HE traffic started its slow move 
eastward. The tired horses 
strained at traces. The iron-rimmed 
wheels rolled and crunched on the 
cobblestones. The truck engines 
chugged, raced, backfired. The trol¬ 
ley bells clanged querulously. 

The heat beat down, soaked into 
bodies. 

And over the grinding pound of 
the traffic there was a sudden shriek¬ 
ing voice. A single voice, uplifted in 
a hideous, throat-straining scream. 
The sound ripped through the ordi¬ 
nary sounds of the street like a 
knife stabbing to the heart. The 
horses suddenly stopped. The truck 
engines were stilled. 

A silence gripped Fallon Street. 
A silence which seemed made up of 
white, dead-eyed faces, staring to¬ 
ward the source of the scream. 

A girl stood in front of a shop. 
Her hands were beating her breast. 
Long black hair, seemingly torn vio¬ 
lently out of place, fell down over 
her shoulders. Her eyes were wide 
and staring. She stood, stark, in 
the doorway of the store, and 
screamed. Over and over. 

In a breath Lacey was on the side¬ 
walk. The door of the cabriolet was 
still open. The car stood in the cen¬ 
ter of the stalled traffic. He glanced 
once at the girl’s face. She was 
beautiful, almost Oriental. She wore 


16 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


a one-piece dress. The dress was 
ripped at the throat, exposing one 
full, beautifully rounded breast. Her 
eyes were wild with fear—and new¬ 
born grief. 

Lacey grabbed her by an arm, 
whirled her around. 

“What’s the matter with you?” he 
barked at her, harshly. 

The scream died out of her throat. 
She whimpered a little. Her face 
was ashen. Her throat moved spas¬ 
modically. She seemed unable to 
speak. She turned her head, her 
eyes stared into the shadows of the 
store. 

Lacey looked inside the door. 
There was a crumpled something on 
the floor, close to the counter. A 
heavily veined, white hand outflung 
inertly, the wrist disappearing into a 
rusty black alpaca coat. Lacey was 
inside the store in three strides. He 
banged the door after him. He 
dragged the girl with him. 

The thing on the floor was a man; 
an old man. An old man with a 
white beard. A skull-cap was pushed 
down over the old man’s eyes. The 
angle was ribald. He lay quietly, 
half on his back, on his side. There 
was a little trickle of blood running 
from the corner of his mouth. His 
eyes were closed. There was an ugly 
bruise on the parchmentlike flesh 
covering his jaw. 

Excepting for that, he might have 
been asleep, over-weary, asleep on 
the floor of his store. 

Lacey picked up the hand. The 
hand was warm but soft and inert. 
He felt for a pulse. There was no 
pulse. The old man was dead. 

The girl stood, quiet now, looking 
down. Outside, faces pressed against 
glass of the window and door. Lacey 
looked over his shoulder. He got to 
his feet, snatched open the door, 
spoke angrily. 

“You people scram!” he told the 
crowd. “The old man fainted—heat 
—nothing serious. Scram now, or—” 

There was authority in his voice. 
The authority these people knew. 
They looked at his face. There was 
authority there, too. They drifted 
away, talking to themselves, look¬ 
ing back. 


Lacey strode through the already 
impatient traffic. “Drive the bus in 
front of the store,” he told Willie 
Quirk. “The hell with these guys in 
the trucks and things. Put it up on 
the sidewalk if you have to—and 
stay with it. I’ll be in that little 
store.” 

CHAPTER II 

“Protective Union” 

ACEY went back to 
the store, entered, 
closed the door after 
him. He stood facing 
the girl. Her face 
was quiet, but still 
ashen, like a mask. 
Her hands were 
clenched into hard 
fists. 

“He’s—dead?” she 
asked quietly, al¬ 
most resignedly. 

Lacey nodded. “He’s dead,” he 
said. Something rushed up into his 
throat at the look which came into 
the girl’s eyes. Something that 
seemed to strangle him. 

“What happened?” he asked 
huskily. 

“They came back.” Her voice 
spoke out of a semi-stupor. “They 
said they'd come back — and he’d 
have to pay. He didn’t have the 
money, so—they did that to him. 
They hit him—a big man—heavy— 
with a gold tooth. He hit him in 
the face, cursed at him—” 

“Wait a minute!” said Lacey. 
“Who? What men? What money 
did they want?” 

“I don’t know,” said the girl. "I 
only know they came in the store, 
maybe ten days ago. They said they 
were forming a society—union. Yes, 
a ‘protective union’ they called it. 
All the merchants were joining to 
keep from being robbed — and it 
would cost Papa twenty dollars a 
week to belong.” 

“Well?” grated Lacey, a sudden 
chill in his voice. 

“Papa—laughed. Where would he 
get twenty dollars a week to join a 
union? And nobody had ever robbed 
him or anything in ten years in 









DEATH MASQUERADE 


17 


business right here. So why should 
he join a union?” 

“And they told him he’d join or 
else, is that it?” growled Lacey. “He 
had to pay the twenty bucks a week, 
whether he wanted to or not?” 

She nodded. “How did you know ?” 
asked her dead voice. 

“There are a lot of ‘unions’ like 
that,” said Lacey grimly. “Well, he 
didn’t pay. So?” 

“So the two men said they’d come 
back and he better have the money. 
So they came back today, and he 
tried to tell them that he didn’t 
want to join the union, couldn’t. And 
then, one of the men—the big one 
with the gold tooth — took some¬ 
thing black out of his pocket and hit 
Papa across the mouth and laughed 
and said next time the price would 
be fifty dollars a week.” 

“And they went out, still laugh¬ 
ing, eh?” Icy glints were swimming 
in Lacey’s eyes. 

“Papa stood there, staring at 
them, as if—he couldn’t feel any¬ 
thing. I tried to keep them from 
hitting Papa. They hit me, tore my 
dress. When they went out the 
door, Papa—he came around the end 
of the counter, and suddenly he— 
fell down. I couldn’t make him hear 
—or open his eyes—or anything.” 

There was a sign on the window. 
The letters were reversed. Lacey 
read the sign. 

SAMUEL GOLDEN 
Notions 

He looked away from the window, 
at the pitiful little stock within the 
store. At the impeccably neat array 
of shelves and counters. And the 
clean, scrubbed floor, and then at 
the white face, with the trickle of 
blood oozing from the corner of the 
mouth. 

“He’s Samuel Golden ?” asked 
Lacey, as if for something to say, to 
break the terrible silence and the 
hoarse breathing of the girl. 

She nodded. “Samuel Golden—my 
— my Father. My name is Rosa, 
Rosa Golden.” 

Suddenly she fell, her knees 
buckled under her weight. She fell 


across the black alpaca coat, and 
the black trousers. Her face buried 
itself in the white beard. Agony 
flooded up out of her soul, shook her 
body. 

Lacey stood looking down at her 
for a moment. Then he lifted her 
face. 

“I’ve got to talk to you for a mo¬ 
ment—I’m sorry,” he said. 

“Why?” she moaned. “Why should 
they do this to him? All he ever did 
was be kind to everybody. Every 
day of his life he worked. Every 
day he sat here and worked—and 
dreamed—a bigger store maybe. He 
was a good man—his voice—so 
gentle—his eyes—like a child’s—” 

“Don’t let anyone in here,” said 
Lacey. “Understand? Nobody in 
here. And don’t talk to anyone or 
go out of that door until I come 
back.” 

Her eyes merely looked at him 
without seeing. 

He turned, his own eyes swirling, 
almost devilish. He closed the front 
door of the store after him. The 
kids were playing in the street. Tha 
endless procession of trucks and 
drays went by. Heat eddies steamed 
up from the cement and pushcarts 
and cobblestones. 

He saw a public telephone sign 
on a corner store. He went in, closed 
the door of the booth after him, 
called Police Headquarters. 

“Gimme Johnson of the Homicide 
Squad,” he barked at the police oper¬ 
ator. 

After a moment he was talking to 
Johnson. “A little storekeeper 
named Golden was killed a couple of 
minutes ago by a couple of thugs. 
Samuel Golden, four eighty-six Fal¬ 
lon Street. I want you to come down 
to that address, alone, see? Plain¬ 
clothes, no police car, nothing. I’ll 
talk to you after you get here. I’ve 
got an idea. Remember, nothing that 
looks like the police, and no sirens, 
or so help me I’ll never give you an¬ 
other break as long as I live.” 

He went back to the store. He 
picked Samuel Golden up in his 
arms, carried him into a back room, 
put his body on a worn sofa. 

Ten minutes later, Johnson came 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


IB 

in. Lacey talked to him in a voice 
vibrant with nervous energy. Once 
he broke off to shoot a question at 
the grief-stricken girl. 

“You’d know these two men again 
if you saw them?” 

Her eyes blazed. “Yes,” she said 
simply. 

"You’d like to keep them from do¬ 
ing the same thing they did to your 
father to some other girl’s father ?” 

She shuddered, covered her face 
with her hands. “Yes, oh yes!” she 
moaned. 

“Don’t be afraid,” said Lacey 
kindly. “This is Detective-inspector 
Johnson of Headquarters. My name 
is Lacey—Red Lacey. We’re going 
to try to punish the men who did 
this. We may want you to help a 
little. Those were bad men. Unless 
we catch them, they will go on do¬ 
ing things like this. If you don’t 
help us some other girl may lose 
her father, as you lost yours.” 

The flame in her black eyes was 
suddenly dazzling. It seemed to 
transfigure her whole being. She 
stood very straight and very white. 
Her voice shook with emotional un¬ 
dercurrents. 

“I am willing to do anything,” she 
said. 

Johnson looked at Lacey and 
nodded. 

“I think you’ve got something 
there, Sherlock,” he admitted. “I’ll 
play ball with you. Play it out, see 
where it gets you. Only, cut me in 
when it gets hot and if you need 
help, holler.” 

“What help will I need trapping a 
couple of rats?” asked Lacey. 

N O ONE saw the dead Samuel 
Golden taken out of the little 
store in which he had been buried ten 
years of his life, with his dreams 
and ambitions. Johnson took care of 
that. A litter crew came in the early 
morning, through the alley behind 
the store, came silently, departed the 
same way, bearing the old man be¬ 
tween them. 

No one knew that Samuel Golden 
was gone. No one knew he was 
dead. Because Red Lacey labored for 
an hour before a mirror, studying 


the dead face of the old man, work¬ 
ing and molding his own features 
with infinite care into a perfect re¬ 
semblance. 

A man from Headquarters arrived 
in a taxi. An expert on make-up, he 
studied the dead face and head. He 
departed. An hour after his going a 
messenger boy delivered a package 
to the little store. The messenger 
boy was Willie Quirk, in uniform. 
The package contained a wig, the 
exact duplicate of Samuel Golden’s 
hair, and pigment of the proper 
shading for make-up. Lacey’s crisp 
red hair disappeared under the wig. 

So Samuel Golden lay still on the 
sofa, and Red Lacey sat at a table 
and copied him, feature for feature, 
line for line. Even to the little 
stoop between Samuel Golden’s 
shoulders, and the wart over his 
right eyebrow. 

And while he worked the girl, 
Rosa, watched, her eyes filled with 
an almost hypnotic horror—watched 
her father made to live again in the 
person of Red Lacey. Watched, as 
if it might have been a terrible 
nightmare. Watched in silence. 

When Lacey stood up he had Sam¬ 
uel Golden’s beard fastened to his 
own face with spirit gum. The beard 
masked the young, grim lines of his 
mouth. He wore the black alpaca 
coat and the worn black trousers, 
and the watch-chain, and the skull¬ 
cap. 

The girl put her hand over her 
mouth, held her breath. 

Lacey kept talking to her all the 
time he manufactured himself into 
a replica of the dead storekeeper. 

“You must believe it in your 
heart,” he told her. “You must not 
think of your father as being dead— 
killed. You must not give a sign 
that anything has happened in this 
store, that anything is changed. You 
must go about your daily affairs, 
just as you did until today. You 
must treat me exactly as you treated 
your father.” 

She nodded. Lacey’s voice went on 
talking. 

“What did you do usually?” 

Her voice swam through layers of 
weary numbness in her brain. 


DEATH MASQUERADE 


19 


“I—made my Father’s meals, and 
took care of his house. And sang.” 

“Sang?” said Lacey casually, 
touching an eye shadow with a 
pencil. “What did you sing?” 

“Folk songs, things he loved.” 

“You’ll have to sing just as you 
did when—before today—sing the 
same way—” 

Her throat trembled. “He worked 
so hard so that I could sing. He 
would sit there, looking at my face 
when I sang to him, and sometimes 
the neighbors would come in and 
listen, and he would be so proud. He 
used to say ‘Someday Rosa, you will 
sing for the world!’” Her voice 
broke suddenly. She was looking at 
his face. 

“Sing now,” said Lacey. 

Her eyes closed. “Sing?” she said 
hollowly. “Sing?” Her voice went 
up, ended in a little shrill screaming 
pitch. 

"You’ve got to be a trouper, Rosa,” 
he said kindly. “You’ve got to sing. 
You’ve got to tell yourself that 
you’re in the wings, and it’s your 
cue to go on, and you’ve got to 
sing.” 

There was a silence. Her hands 
were fists again, her body rigid. 
“Very well,” she said in a whisper. 
“I’ll sing.” 

Dead-white face of Samuel Golden 
on the sofa. Ghost of Samuel Golden 
in the person of Red Lacey. Stark 
figure of the girl, half covered by 
the shadows of the room. Only her 
eyes, alive in her face, and her 
mouth opened, and sounds came out. 
Low, sobbing, throbbing sounds in 
a deep contralto voice. 

The sound filled the room, rose 
and fell. 

“Eli—eli—” 

Her eyes looking at her father’s 
face. The grief and anguish in her 
heart rushing into her voice. Her 
hands lifting, up and up. 

Lacey sat there, looking at her, 
spellbound. She was suddenly a 
thing of exquisite beauty; the living 
figure of. tragedy. Tragedy singing 
a threnody. Tragedy hands uplifted 
to the heavens. 

Her voice died away, a crooning 
minor tone. She sank down on the 


floor, covered her face with her 
hands. 

Lacey said in a husky whisper, 
“God, what a voice!” 

Then the men came in the door 
and carried out Samuel Golden. Car¬ 
ried him away in the darkness. 

CHAPTER III 

East Side Hero 

ED LACEY sat be¬ 
hind the counter of 
Samuel Golden’s no¬ 
tion store. The black 
skull-cap was on his 
head. The half light 
touched him. The 
girl Rosa moved 
about through the 
store. Now and then 
she looked at Lacey’s 
face, at the bread and 
the cap and the black alpaca coat, 
and a strange, half-frightened, half- 
unbelieving light filled her eyes. 

It had been like this for four 
days. Lacey, playing the part of 
Samuel Golden. Never leaving the 
store. Rosa, preparing his meals, 
acting her part in the grim little 
drama. 

Waiting for the men to come back. 
The men who had crashed a black¬ 
jack off the jaw of Samuel Golden; 
killed him. One man—with a gold 
tooth. 

Hours, like slow moving eternities. 
Hours filled with suspense; with tin¬ 
gling nerves. Hours waiting, watch¬ 
ing that front door. 

Under the counter, close to Lacey’s 
hand was a submachine-gun and a 
.25 automatic. 

When customers came into the 
store, he carried out the part of 
Samuel Golden. His stooped form 
stood erect. He smiled under his 
beard. And the girl was a thorough¬ 
bred. She sensed everything. She 
came running into the store to greet 
neighbor customers. She talked to 
them. She laughed. She sang. And 
she watched the front door. 

Traffic moved endlessly through 
Fallon Street. The rumble of heavy 
wheels shook the building. The heat 
beat down mercilessly. Across the 









20 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


street, Willie Quirk lounged in his 
uniform. Now and then he went into 
a store, now and then he went from 
one end of the block to the other. 
There was a police whistle in his 
pocket. He had explicit directions 
on how and when to use that whistle. 
He played his part so well he nearly 
effaced himself. Certainly no one 
gave him a second look. 

And then, on the afternoon of 
the fourth day the girl Rosa was in 
the back of the store, singing. Sing¬ 
ing one of those deep-toned, croon¬ 
ing things that made the heart 
liquid, and her voice broke jaggedly 
in the middle of a strain. She stood, 
staring at the door. 

The little bell over the door had 
jangled. The men had entered. 

Lacey hardly turned his head. He 
looked at the girl’s face. It was 
enough. He knew the visitors he 
awaited had arrived. He got out of 
his seat slowly, his hands resting 
on the counter. 

A MAN in a white suit, panama 
hat, orchid silk shirt, white sport 
shoes and a diamond ring, bellied up 
to the counter. 

“Hi, Sam!” he said. There was a 
wicked glint in his eyes. The grin 
grew broader as he looked at the 
ugly purple bruise Lacey had dupli¬ 
cated on his own face. 

“How’s the jaw?” he asked. 
“What? It didn’t bust? Cripes, for 
an old guy you can take it!” 

The second man was a rat-faced 
little punk with pin-point irises and 
twitching hands. He mirrored the 
grin on the face of his companion. 
Now and then he glanced through 
the window, at the street. He was 
restless, almost itching. He was 
overdressed. His face was sallow, 
unhealthy-looking. The mark of the 
drug addict was on him. 

Lacey’s voice shook a little. “What 
do you want?” he said in an old 
man’s tones. 

The heavier of the two laughed 
loudly, and poked the hophead in 
the ribs with an elbow. 

“What do we want?” he mocked. 
“How do you like that? He don’t 
kr/nv what we want!” He whirled 


suddenly, stuck his face close to 
Lacey’s. “Listen, you punk!” he 
snarled. “We’re through playin’ with 
you, get it! From now on things are 
going to get tough—beginning right 
now! 

“We figured that maybe that 
little rap on the teeth with a sap 
would wake you up to the fact that 
we ain’t playing bean bag. You get 
the dough on the line and be glad 
you’re getting off at bargain rates! 
Twenty bucks a week is the price. 
And come up with it—be wise—save 
yourself grief.” 

“Twenty dollars?” moaned Lacey 
in a quavering voice. “Where should 
I get twenty dollars? I don’t make 
twenty dollars hardly in a week! Be¬ 
sides, I don’t want to belong to no 
‘Business Man’s Protective Associa¬ 
tion,’ or whatever it is. I don’t need 
it, positively. Nothing is happening 
in this store. In ten years, already, 
nothing happens.” His voice trailed 
away. 

“You mean up to now!” laughed 
the spokesman with a grating sad¬ 
ism in his voice. “Now look, we’re 
talking business and you may as well 
get used to it. From now on I’m the 
guy who will make the collections, 
see? I collect the membership fees. 
Sure, every Friday, like clockwork, 
I’ll be around. And you better be 
ready for me, see? We don’t carry 
no delinquent customers. We leave 
that job to the hurry-up wagon 
from Bellevue. Now kick through 
with this week’s dues. I don’t want 
no trouble with you.” 

Lacey’s voice was the same stub¬ 
born monotone. “I haven’t got 
twenty dollars. I won’t pay. Why 
don’t you go away? I don’t want to 
belong. I told you.” 

The man in the white linen suit 
shrugged and looked at his rat-faced 
pal. “Well, I guess we may as well 
start?” he said meaningly. 

The dopehead had a voice like a 
rat. “Sure,” he squeaked. “Might as 
well start.” 

The man in the white suit made a 
sudden lunge forward. His hand 
grabbed for the beard in front of 
him to pull the bearded face toward 
him. A sap leaped out from under 


DEATH MASQUERADE 


21 


the sleeve of his coat. A sap, with 
the loop around his wrist. 

“This time you get it righthe 
grunted. 

And suddenly the bearded face in 
front of him glided out of reach. And 
at the same instant, a white, shak¬ 
ing hand came up from under the 
counter, and the hand caressed a .25 
automatic. 

“Why, you greasy-looking louse!” 
screamed the man in the white suit. 
“You got a rod, huh? A little pop¬ 
gun? Where in the hell do you get 
off, being so brave all of a sudden? 
Just for that I’m going to break 
your arm. Put that lousy rod down!” 

H E was suddenly looking at the 
glinting lights in the eyes over the 
beard, eyes staring out from under 
the white bushy brows of an old 
man. But they were not old man’s 
eyes. He took a step back. 

The girl, Rosa, stood, unmoving, 
her hand resting on her heart. 

The black sap, ugly, dangerous- 
looking, was still clutched in the 
beefy hand of the gorilla in the 
white suit. 

“Be so kindly,” said Lacey’s voice, 
imitating the voice of Samuel Golden 
as Rosa had described it to him, “to 
step across the store—face to the 
wall.” 

The rat-faced punk made a sudden 
dive for a shoulder holster. There 
was a cracking sound like a dry stick 
breaking. The expression on the rat¬ 
like face changed; stared. A crim¬ 
son blotch spread over the fellow’s 
shoulder, ran into the texture of the 
sport coat he wore, dripped down the 
sleeve. 

“Against the wall, kindly,” said 
Lacey. “I don’t like shooting—” 
“Why, you sap! You can’t get 
away with something like this!” 
cursed the man in the white suit. 
“The mob will come in here and take 
this place apart. They’ll murder 
you!” 

“Against the wall—kindly!” urged 
Lacey’s quiet voice. 

The man in the white suit turned 
abruptly, faced the wall, walked for¬ 
ward. 

“He plugged me!” Ratface mum¬ 


bled through white, trembling lips. 
“The damned old mug plugged me!” 
There was a whimper in the voice. 

“Shut your trap,” snarled the man 
in the white suit. “We’ll take care 
of this guy! He’s nuts—raving!” 

They stood there, face to the wall, 
hand half lifted. 

A gentle hand ran over their per¬ 
sons. The same gentle hand took a 
belly gun from the bird in the white 
suit, tossed it behind the counter. 
Just as gently it removed the ugly- 
looking sap from around the right 
wrist. 

“So you’re coming every Friday to 
collect, is it?” said the gentle voice. 
“Every Friday I should pay twenty 
good dollars to a gang of chiselers 
like you, which go around hitting 
honest people with blackjacks? Well, 
I wouldn’t pay it.” 

“You’ll pay it!” snarled the voice 
of the man in the white suit. 

The old man’s hand balanced the 
sap reflectively. The old man’s voice 
said: “Turn around.” 

The man in the white suit turned, 
his eyes swirling with hatred and 
rage. 

The old man’s white hand suddenly 
went up, the sap with it It cracked 
down. The sap hit the man in the 
white suit across the mouth. There 
was a nasty grating, breaking sound 
as the sap broke teeth and mouth. 
Ratface shrieked, almost like a 
woman. 

“So, my friend? How does it feel 
—to get hit across the mouth?” 

The sap went up again. It smashed 
down a second time. Across the 
bridge of the nose of the man in 
the white suit. There was a sicken¬ 
ing, crunching sound. The nose col¬ 
lapsed, became a pulp, a terrible- 
looking thing. Blood spurted on the 
floor. 

Quite calmly Lacey looked at the 
rat-faced dopehead. He took a step 
forward. 

“Don’t!” screeched Ratface. 
“Don’t!” 

The sap fell. It ruined the rat¬ 
face. It fell again, this time on the 
collarbone. There was a breaking 
sound. 

“So, on Fridays you’ll come?” 


22 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


asked Lacey’s voice calmly. “So, on 
Fridays I’ll be waiting—like this. 
Only it won’t be Friday for you, 
gonifs, not for a lot of Fridays.” 

The door opened. A blue uniform 
filled the doorway. The cop on the 
beat walked into the store. He was 
grinning a little, a tight, white grin. 
The grin got a little sick-looking as 
he looked at the two faces in front 
of Lacey. 

“A couple of customers, Mr. Mul¬ 
ligan,” said Lacey in Samuel Golden’s 
voice. “Good customers too! A little 
damaged, maybe, but good. Maybe 
you’ll take them with you?” 

“Leave ’em to me,” promised Offi¬ 
cer Mulligan. “I was just passin’.” 
He winked. “It’ll gimme something 
to occupy me mind.” 

He grabbed the half dead gorillas 
by an arm each. The white linen 
suit on the bigger gorilla was blood- 
soaked, ruined. 

“Come oh!” said Mulligan gruffly. 
“Let’s go for a ride.” 

“Maybe, when you get a chance to 
talk to these boys they could tell you 
something about who sent ’em— 
maybe ?” 

“They’ll sing,” promised Mulligan, 
“when the boys downtown start ask¬ 
in’ the questions!” He dragged the 
two men out with him. 

The girl Rosa, her eyes wide, 
stared at Lacey’s face, the face 
which looked so much like the face 
of her own father. A face with 
swirling grey - steel - green eyes 
crowded with the lust of battle. 

A CROSS the street, Willie Quirk, 
almost dancing in excitement, but 
still acting the part of the random 
messenger boy, followed the cop and 
the two ruined mobsmen. 

“It was terrible,” said the girl’s 
deep voice. 

“It was a cinch!” grinned Lacey 
under the beard. “But it’s only the 
beginning. They’ll be back.” 

“Only the little fellow was here 
before. The one with the thin face 
and funny eyes. The other man I 
didn’t' recognize. Before, it was a 
man with a gold tooth, a big man. 

The sidewalk outside the store was 
milling with excitement. Shirt¬ 


sleeved men and perspiring women 
shoved and pushed to peer through 
the windows into the Golden store. 
Chattering voices and excited yelp¬ 
ings filled the street, drowned out 
the noises of the traffic. 

Men rushed into the store, shook 
hands in emotional hysteria with the 
man they believed to be Samuel 
Golden. Women wept and screeched 
and looked frightened. 

After a while a horde of news¬ 
paper men descended on the scene. 
A hot story! Photo bulbs flared in¬ 
side the store of Samuel Golden. 
Reporters shot questions. 

At five o’clock the evening papers 
came through Fallon Street and 
Fallon Street grabbed them avidly. 
There was a big picture of Samuel 
Golden on the front page of the 
papers, and a big black headline. 

COURAGEOUS STOREKEEPER 

BEATS UP GANGSTERS 

The caption under the picture 
stated: 

Meek Storekeeper Half Kills Two 
Thug Extortionists! 

There were pictures of the two 
thugs. They did look half killed. 
Features swollen. Eyes closed to 
slits. Mouths crushed out of shape. 
Pictures taken in the precinct sta¬ 
tion by grinning reporters. 

The running story with the photos 
said: 

Believe it or not, but a stooped, kindly- 
eyed, bearded little man, sere with the years 
which have sprinkled snow upon his head, 
today defended the sanctity of his home 
and business so well that he handed out a 
terrific beating to two habitual “tough 
guys.” The tough guys have police records 
as long as the beard of Samuel Golden who 
vanquished them. 

Reporters, viewing the remains of the two 
“muscle men” who attempted to levy tribute 
on Golden, found it difficult to believe that 
a sixty-five-year-old man, slight to the point 
of self-effacement, modest as a whisper, 
looking belligerent as the proverbial lamb, 
could so manhandle twice his weight in 
hoodlums. But there is no doubt of what 
occurred in the little “notions store” of 
Samuel Golden this afternoon. 

The two racketeers representing a “Mer¬ 
chants Protective Association,” demanded 
tribute from Golden on threats of physical 
violence to his person and injury to his 


DEATH MASQUERADE 


23 


property. The “lamb” swung into action, 
took from the two “hoods” the artillery they 
carried for “self-protection,” and worked 
them over to the queen’s taste! 

Officer Mulligan, cop on the beat which 
includes Fallon and Orchid Streets, entered 
the store after the smoke of battle had 
cleared away and half carried the two semi¬ 
conscious “tough guys” to the nearest police 
call box. 

All in all Samuel Golden wrote himself a 
one-man Declaration of Independence from 
the vicious extortion racket and racketeer¬ 
ing which has Fallon Street and its environs 
by the throat. A few more fighters like 
Samuel Golden would make racketeering 
impossible. 

Fallon Street read the story. Fallon 
Street looked at the picture of Sam¬ 
uel Golden on the front page, and at 
the picture of Big Mike Cleary and 
Tony Piazzini, whom the police had 
identified as the “collectors” for the 
“Merchants Protective Association.” 

Fallon Street looked at Samuel 
Golden in the flesh and was a bit 
dazed by it all. But Fallon Street 
crowded the Golden store to pay 
tribute to its hero; a modest hero 
who contented himself with waving 
gentle protests, with smiling a little 
and permitting Rosa Golden to do all 
the talking. 


CHAPTER IV 
Tommy-Gun Party 

|R. HERBERT SLO¬ 
CUM MOORE paced 
the thick Chinese 
rug which covered 
the floor of his pri¬ 
vate office. He 
clutched a late after¬ 
noon edition of the 
News-Telegram in 
his right hand. His 
left hand was 
jammed into the 
pockets of his tailored trousers. 

His thin, strangely white face was 
cold as ice and his black eyes swirled 
with anger. There was a suggestion 
of cruelty about the exquisitely 
molded features of Mr. Moore. The 
nose, a trifle too thin and mobile, 
suggested the wolf. The thin, almost 
colorless mouth added to the illusion. 
The manner in which he wore his 
hair, sleek, drawn sharply back from 



his forehead added to the animal 
likeness. 

The expensive materials and tailor¬ 
ing of the lounge suit he wore did 
nothing to dispel the illusion. Neither 
did the gardenia in his buttonhole. 

In a chair, set beside a massive 
rosewood desk, sat a florid-faced man 
with a gold incisor. Little blue veins 
ran about the man’s nose. He had a 
massive head, slightly bald, with 
greying sandy hair. His mouth was 
large-lipped. His teeth were clamped 
down on a cigar. He chewed at the 
cigar. There was a worried, almost 
furtive look in his bloodshot grey 
eyes. His hands were soft and 
white, pudgy with good living, and 
he wore a three-carat diamond on 
the third finger of his left hand. 

His clothing was almost as ex¬ 
pensively fashioned as Moore’s. He 
was uncomfortable. There w r as the 
suggestion of invisible perspiration 
about him. Now and then he 
squirmed in the chair as he looked 
at Moore’s thin, white face. 

At the end of the rug, Mr. Moore 
turned suddenly, faced the man with 
the gold tooth. His voice was cold, 
almost plaintive, but seething with a 
carefully controlled undercurrent of 
fury. 

“The trouble with you, Angelo,” 
said Mr. Moore to the gentleman 
beside the rosewood desk, “is that 
I can’t trust you with the execution 
of even petty details.” 

“Aw, Mr. Moore!” protested 
Angelo. “The guy went raving nuts! 
He couldn’t get away with a play 
like that again in a million years. 
He just kind of took Mike and Tony 
by surprise. Hell! They didn’t ex¬ 
pect that Golden mug to pull a rod 
on ’em! They figured after that 
sock on the jaw this Golden would 
be all softened up, like everybody 
else, and that it was just a business 
of walking in and making the collec¬ 
tion. But the little goof must have 
gone nuts. To pull a stunt like that!” 

“Look at this paper!” invited 
Moore coldly. “How do you think 
that will react on all of our—clients? 
Suppose they suddenly band them¬ 
selves together, decide to—er—re¬ 
sign from the Merchant’s Protective 













24 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


Association, refuse to pay their—er 
—dues.” 

“Listen, Boss!” growled Angelo. 
“You lemme handle this business! I 
know how to take care of that 
Golden punk, and how to keep the 
rest of those babies in line. I’m go¬ 
ing to make an example of this 
Golden. When I get finished with 
him he’ll pay—if he’s able. He’ll 
run with the dough in his hand. And 
so will those other suckers down 
there in Fallon Street. If they have 
any fancy ideas, I’ll put ’em to sleep 
—quick!” 

Mr. Moore’s eyes looked at Angelo. 
“I’m afraid—really, I am afraid, 
Angelo, that perhaps you are get¬ 
ting a little—how do you put it— 
soft? You don’t stand prosperity 
well. You fail to take care of details 
properly. This Golden case proves 
it. I do all the work and all the 
planning, and take care of all the 
legal technicalities involved. You 
have only the simple execution of 
orders, and yet you involve the or¬ 
ganization in something like this. 
Really, it’s inexcusable!” 

“It ain’t nothin’ but an accident, 
like I said, that can happen to any¬ 
body!” insisted Angelo. “I said I’d 
take care of that monkey—and I 
will. I’ll show that guy!” 

“And we had Fallon Street so well 
organized!” mourned Mr. Moore. 
“Everything going so smoothly, the 
dues are paid so promptly. Really, 
it is'a crime to permit something like 
this to happen.” 

He threw the crumpled paper on 
top of the desk. His eyes were slits. 
His mouth drew away from his teeth 
a little. His teeth were white and 
small and sharp. His voice was still 
calm, still cold, but like the slashing 
of a wolf’s fangs. 

“I shall expect you to straighten 
this matter out,” he said. “I am 
impatient with failures. I will not 
tolerate failures. I cannot personally 
take care of the little details con¬ 
nected with the running of this or¬ 
ganization. If you don’t take care of 
it properly, or if this affair assumes 
serious proportions, I am afraid I 
shall have to part company with you, 
Angelo.” 


It seemed that a little shudder ran 
up the spine of Angelo. He sat in 
the chair, his eyes fixed on the white, 
aristocratic face of Mr. Moore. 
Eyes, in which lurked a sudden fear, 
almost terror. Perspiration broke out 
in beads on his forehead. His 
hands opened and closed spasmodi¬ 
cally. 

“Aw, gee, Boss,” he said huskily. 

«IJ_»» 

“That’s all, Angelo,” said Mr. 
Moore, and his voice was almost 
kindly. “You may go now. I’m ex¬ 
pecting you to justify my confidence 
in you.” 

Angelo came up out of the chair. 
“You leave it to me,” he growled. 
"I’ll give that punk a dose of medi¬ 
cine that will make him well for the 
rest of his life.” 

He backed out of the office, bump¬ 
ing into a chair on the way, his hat 
still in his hand, the light of worry 
and fear still in his eyes. 

He left Mr. Herbert Slocum Moore 
to the contemplation of a Corot 
landscape hanging on the wall of the 
exquisitely appointed office. A con¬ 
templation, made up of a frown, a 
snarling mouth and tightly clenched 
hands. 

R ED LACEY, still in the role of 
Samuel Golden, sat in the dark¬ 
ness of the store, near the window, 
looking out on Fallon Street. His 
eyes were closed, his body relaxed. 
The grey beard fell down upon his 
chest. The black skull-cap on his 
head completed a picture of repose. 

From the living quarters behind 
the store the deep contralto voice of 
Rosa Golden crooned a Russian 
gypsy song. Crooned it with a pas¬ 
sionate love for the music; crooned 
it, her throat and mouth seeming to 
caress each note. Now and then she 
moved across the doorway, became 
a silhouette against the yellow glow 
of light. Her body was tall and 
straight, her head carried proudly. 

Now and then Lacey opened his 
eyes a little and looked at her. Now 
and then he shifted the position of 
the tommy gun lying across his 
knees. 

Night had stilled Fallon Street. 


DEATH MASQUERADE 


25 


The heavy rumble of wheeled traffic 
was gone. Only a random street car 
clanged and crashed its way over 
rails. Between the street cars there 
was silence. The pushcarts along 
the curbs were covered over against 
the night, and the merchants van¬ 
ished. Even the children had disap¬ 
peared. The footsteps of hurrying 
passers-by echoed hollowly from the 
buildings. The street lamps threw 
a fitful illumination. 

T HE only living thing in Fallon 
Street seemed to be that crooning 
voice of Rosa Golden. The quiet was 
heavy, oppressive, like the quiet be¬ 
fore the unleashing of a summer 
thunder storm. 

A black sedan rolled slowly 
through Fallon Street. It was show¬ 
ing parking lights only. It rolled 
around the corner, disappeared. 
Lacey glanced at it, followed it with 
his eyes. 

A figure in o.d. serge, a messenger 
boy, flitted through the shadows, 
darted across the street, came to the 
door of the Golden store, entered. 
Willie Quirk’s impish-looking face 
was touched for an instant by a 
street light. His face was tense, his 
eyes snapping. 

“Get ready, Chief, that’s them!” 
he said. 

“You sure?” asked Lacey. 

“Sure, a black car! Four guys in 
it. It’s a cinch they were giving the 
joint a case the first time around! 
When they come back, it’s the busi¬ 
ness.” 

Lacey’s voice was like the crack 
of a whip lash. 

“Okay, Willie! Beat it back across 
the street! You know what to do, 
and when. Keep out of the busi¬ 
ness! Get it? Out!” 

“Aw, gee, Chief!” protested 
Willie. 

“Scram!” 

The o.d. serge uniform drifted 
back across the street, was swal¬ 
lowed up in the shadows. 

Lacey strode into the living quar¬ 
ters behind the store. He carried the 
tommy gun in one hand. The round 
pan with its hundred rounds was 
slung over the gun. Rosa Golden 


looked at him, her eyes wide. Her 
voice seemed swallowed by her 
throat. 

“I don’t want you to be frightened, 
Rosa,” said Lacey. “I haven’t but a 
minute to talk. They’re coming. I 
want you to go out in the backyard. 
You won’t be in any danger there. 
Go out and stay—until it’s over. I 
think this will be the last visit.” 
There was a terribly grim something 
in his voice and the steely depths of 
his eyes were swirling. 

“I’m not afraid,” the girl said in 
a steady voice. “If there is danger, 
I should share it. I should not let 
you—” 

“Outside—in a hurry!” ordered 
Lacey. “Stay there.” He almost 
pushed her by main strength out 
into the darkness of the backyard. 

He put out the lights in the living 
quarters. He ran across the store in 
half a dozen steps, opened the door 
quietly, went out onto the sidewalk 
of Fallon Street. There were three 
galvanized iron ash cans on the side¬ 
walk, near the curb. They were 
heavy and filled with ashes. They 
were arranged in a strange pattern. 
They had been there for four days. 
They formed a breastworks a dozen 
feet east of the entrance to the no¬ 
tions store of Samuel Golden. 

Lacey crouched on his knees be¬ 
hind the cans. He held the tommy 
gun in his hands, the muzzle behind 
the top of the cans. He was breath¬ 
ing through set teeth. The silence 
was heavy, oppressive. 

Then, at the west end of the block, 
the lights of a car swung into Fallon 
Street. It passed under the first 
street lamp. It was a black sedan, 
running with parking lights. It eased 
over to the south curb, running 
slowly. It ran more slowly as it 
drew abreast of the Golden store. 
Suddenly the windows of the car 
were rolled down and the machine 
came to a momentary halt. Three 
black objects flew out of the car, 
crashed through the plate glass win¬ 
dow of the store. 

The muzzle of an automatic sub¬ 
machine-gun was thrust out of the 
car. It began to vomit flame, to 
buck and jump with the recoil. The 


26 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


chattering staccato filled the canyon 
of Fallon Street with a typhoon of 
noise. The most murderous noise in 
the world. 

The interior of the Golden store 
seemed to erupt flame and concus¬ 
sion. The roar of three closely sep¬ 
arated explosions shook the street. 
There was the sound of splintering 
and showering glass. Wood, blasted 
to splinters, flew through the air. 
Bits of bricks and stonework swirled 
madly, fell with a clatter. 

A voice from the black sedan 
yelled: “Okay. Let’s go! I’ll bet that 
damn’ mug kicks through now!” 

The voice was answered by a 
laugh. 

Behind the ash barrels, Lacey, a 
white grin on his face, rested the 
muzzle of his tommy gun on the top 
of a barrel. His finger crooked 
around the trigger. The engine in 
the car raced, roared. The car 
lurched forward. At that moment, 
Lacey squeezed the trigger of his 
gun. 

The muzzle spat flame and de¬ 
struction. The windshield of the 
black sedan disappeared. There were 



momentary screams from within the 
car. The car rolled over the side¬ 
walk, crashed into a wall, spilled 
over on its back, and above every 
other sound, was the terrible, rivet¬ 
hammerlike firing of Lacey’s tommy 
gun. 

After a minute the gun went dead 
in his hands, the ammunition ex¬ 
pended, the gun white-hot. He knelt 
there looking at the wreck of the 
black sedan. Then he got to his feet, 
took his .25 automatic from his vest 
pocket, walked slowly toward the 
overturned car. 

A CROSS the street, Willie Quirk 
blew one shrill blast on his po¬ 
lice whistle. 

At almost the same instant, a 


squad car, with a submachine-gun 
operator, came around into Fallon 
Street, stopped with a squealing of 
brakes. 

Lacey was standing over the wreck 
of the car, a queer, tense expression 
on his face. He watched while the 
cops pulled riddled bodies out of the 
car. Watched the expressions on the 
faces of the cops. He watched until 
the morgue wagon came up, until 
Fallon Street was in the midst of a 
seething excitement such as it had 
never known, with men and women, 
half dressed, thronging the street. 
Men and women looking at the ex¬ 
plosion-gutted remains of Samuel 
Golden’s store, and at the bearded 
face of Samuel Golden who stood 
with a tommy gun in his hands. 

“Be careful of that mug with the 
gold tooth!” whispered Lacey. “He 
was in the back seat, and I tried 
not to hurt him much. I want to 
talk to that guy later. Take good 
care of him and save him. He be¬ 
longs to me.” 

The sergeant on the detail nodded. 
The morgue wagon pulled away. 

Lacey went into the ruins of the 
store, into the backyard. He found 
Rosa Golden standing there, her face 
white, a little trickle of blood run¬ 
ning from her cheek where a splin¬ 
ter had scratched her. 

“Is it all over?” she asked tone- 
lessly. 

Lacey looked at her face. “It’s 
all over!” he said. “I’ve got a little 
mopping up to do—but that gang is 
going to leave Fallon Street alone 
from now on.” 

Suddenly she seemed to collapse. 
He put his arm around her, the arm 
holding the tommy gun. He held 
her, with the wreckage of every¬ 
thing her life had been, tumbled and 
heaped about her in ghastly debris 

Willie Quirk was standing in the 
shadows of the ruined building. 

“Look, Willie!” growled Lacey 
“Take care of Miss Golden here 
Stay with her till I come back. 1 
won’t be long.” 

Then the stooped figure, still in the 
likeness of Samuel Golden, made 
its way through the blackened ruins 
of the little store and disappeared 








DEATH MASQUERADE 


27 


CHAPTER V 

Fallon Street Triumph 

NSPECTOR WIL¬ 
LIAM JOHNSON 
of the Homicide 
Squad threw open 
the door of the little 
room and kicked a 
bloody, snarling fig¬ 
ure inside. A gold 
tooth was promi¬ 
nent in the mouth of 
the bloody face. 

The little room was 
without windows. When the door 
was closed it was like a cell. The 
walls were a dead white. There was 
one chair in the room. A plain, 
wooden kitchen chair. The floor was 
concrete. The walls were thick and 
sound proof. There was a tripod in 
one corner of the room, a tripod with 
a brilliant reflector, and a two- 
thousand-watt lamp. 

Johnson looked at the man. He 
grinned. 

“You look like hell, Angelo,” he 
said, almost cheerfully. “But don’t 
let that worry you. You’re going 
to look a lot worse.” 

There was a muffled knock on the 
door. Johnson crossed the room, 
threw the door open. Four men 
came inside. They were big men, 
with huge shoulders. Two hundred 
pounders. They were in sweat-shirts 
and gym pants. They were grinning. 
Grinning, with icy eyes. They 
looked at the man. They looked at 
Johnson. Suddenly the atmosphere 
within the room became grim, taut. 

“I called you boys in because I 
want you to meet Angelo—Angelo 
Vittori,” said Johnson pleasantly. 
“Maybe you boy.. have met Angelo 
before. He’s a big shot. Yes, sir, 
a big shot, boys. Angelo is in the 
gouge racket. He runs a ‘Merchant’s 
Protective Association’ over Fallon 
Street way. Does his collecting with 
pineapples and tommy guns — and 
blackjacks.- Don’t you, Angelo?” 

There was an ugly, glinting light 
m Johnson’s eyes. There was a 
silence. Angelo Vittori sat in the 
middle of the room on the kitchen 
chair. 


“Why the hell don’t you go to 
work, and cut out the gags?” he 
snarled. “You might as well get in 
your licks now. I’ll be sprung out 
of this rat trap as soon as my 
mouthpiece gets the news. Until 
then—amuse yourselves. I can take 
it.” 

“Didn’t I tell you he was a big 
shot?” nodded Johnson to the sweat- 
shirted detectives. 

The four men grinned mirthlessly, 
and their hands opened and closed 
spasmodically. They looked at John¬ 
son for the cue. 

“Angelo and his partners went 
drumming up business tonight. They 
threw the works into a little store 
on Fallon Street — pineapple and 
tommy-gun business from the street. 
Only something happened. It’s all 
so strange. Just when they were 
ready to roll away in a nice new 
Caddy a tommy gun picks ’em up, 
and Angelo, here, is the only sur¬ 
vivor. Isn’t he lucky?” 

Those terrible, mirthless grins 
were turned on Angelo Vittori. He 
sat there, his mouth snarling, sweat 
running down over his eyes from his 
scalp, mixing with the smear of 
blood on his face. 

“Who’s your boss, Angelo?” asked 
Johnson suddenly in a low whisper. 

“Go to hell!” 

“Come on, who’s your boss?” in¬ 
sisted Johnson. “You can save your¬ 
self a lot of grief by playing this 
straight.” 

“You heard me.” 

A sweat-shirted sleeve suddenly 
swung. There was the crack of 
knuckles across Vittori’s mouth. 
Blood spurted from under the 
knuckles. 

“Say sir to the inspector, you chean 
punk!” growled a voice, “or I’ll feed 
you your own teeth.” 

Vittori’s tongue lapped up the 
blood on his mouth. His eves swirled 
as he looked at the detective. 

“Big brave guy!” he sneered. 

“See how brave you’ll be in the 
hot squat,” said Johnson sweetly. 

Under the blood and hate Vittori’s 
face was suddenly white. His eyes 
glistened. 

“Where the hell do you guys get 









28 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


that hot squat stuff?” he said in 
the same sneering voice. But there 
was a brittleness mixed with the 
fear, and fear crawled in his eyes. 

“Why, don’t you know? They still 
fry gorillas in this state for mur¬ 
der,” said Johnson in a patient voice. 

“You guys must think you’ve got 
an amateur!” snarled Vittori. “What 
d’ya mean—murder? You can’t 
frame me. I ain’t bumped nobody 
off. And I’ll beat this other rap 
the minute I get sprung. I got con¬ 
nections, you mugs—” 

“He’s got connections!” said John¬ 
son in a reverent whisper for the 
benefit of the four sweat-shirted de¬ 
tectives. “Connections.” 

He looked down at Vittori’s face. 
“Now, that’s interesting!” he said. 
“Who are the connections, Angelo?” 

“Big enough to tear that tin badge 
off you and send you back to flat¬ 
footing it in the sticks.” 

“Important people, eh?” 

“Whadda you think?” 

“Oh, I admit it!” nodded John¬ 
son. “You’d have to have connec¬ 
tions. Somebody with brains—to 
tell you what to do.” 

“Yeah? Well, lemme tell you 
this—” 

There was another crack of 
knuckles on teeth. “Speak when you 
are spoken to, hood!” said the husky 
voice. 

“So you think you’re not going to 
fry, eh?” said Johnson. 

“You said it. I can beat any sour 
rap you guys can frame up.” 

“And you don’t want to tell me 
who your boss is?” 

“Don’t be silly.” 

J OHNSON looked at him for a 
minute. He looked at the men in 
the room with him. After a mo¬ 
ment he said, and he was still smil¬ 
ing, “Bring in Mr. Golden—to iden¬ 
tify him, Mike.” 

A sweat-shirted figure went to the 
door, opened it, went out. He re¬ 
turned in a minute, and with him 
came the counterpart of Samuel 
Golden. The lights went down in 
the room; only the cruel white light 
beat on the face of Angelo Vittori. 
“Mr. Golden,” said Johnson, “look 


at this man closely. Ever see him 
before?” 

“Cut out the comedy!” growled 
Vittori. “I’ll answer. Sure he saw 
me! He’s Sam Golden. He runs 
that store on Fallon Street.” 

“That’s right, isn’t it, Mr. 
Golden?” asked Johnson quietly. 

The mouth under the beard moved. 
An old man’s voice, nervous, an¬ 
swered. 

“It’s right, Mr. Johnson. He’s 
coming to my store to make me join 
a Merchant’s Union which I am not 
wanting to join. He’s asking me 
twenty dollars a week—dues, he’s 
calling it. I’m refusing to pay. I 
don’t make so much. So, he hits 
Sam Golden, an old man, with a 
blackjack which he is carrying up 
his sleeve.” 

Johnson’s eyes were looking at 
Angelo Vittori. His mouth was smil¬ 
ing but the eyes were deadly. 

“And you’re not going to burn? 
he asked in the same soft voice. 

“Listen, what is this? Where do 
you get that ‘burn’ stuff?” Vittori s 
eyes were scornful. 

“Well, anyhow, you hit him with 
a sap, is that it?” There was sud¬ 
den quiet in the room. “You hit 
Sam Golden, an old man, with a 
sap because he wouldn’t pay dues to 
your Merchant’s Protective Associa¬ 
tion.” . 

“So I hit him with a sap. So 
what? So make something of it!” 
growled Angelo. “I’ll beat that rap 
too. And that fry stuff don’t kid 
me. I ain’t killed nobody. I don’t 
never kill nobody. Only chumps go 
round bumpin’ guys off. I’m no 
chump. Sure 1 hit Golden a little 
love tap to soften him up. But that 
ain’t killin’. And I’ll be out of here 
in twp hours.” 

The men in the room took a long 
breath. They smiled a little more. 
They looked at Vittori. 

“So you hit Samuel Golden with a 
blackjack, because he wouldn’t pay 
dues in the Merchant’s Protective 
Association?” Johnson seemed to 
caress the words as they came out 
of his mouth. 

“You can hear, can’t you?” snarled 
Angelo. “And so what?” 


DEATH MASQUERADE 


29 


The old man’s hands went up to 
his head. Very slowly. His eyes 
were fixed on Angelo Vittori’s face. 
The hands took off the skull-cap— 
deliberately; tossed the black object 
into Vittori’s lap. Then, just as 
slowly, the same hands manipulated 
an old man’s wig, took it off, almost 
like scalping himself, revealing close- 
cropped, brick-red hair under the 
wig. 

And little by little, the hands 
worked at the spirit gum and the 
beard came away from the jaws. 
The beard followed the skull-cap and 
the wig onto Vittori’s knees. 

V ITTORI sat there, his face ghastly, 
staring. His throat worked. His 
eyes stared. 

As a last gesture, the cunningly 
contrived lines were wiped off the 
“old man’s” face on the back of a 
sweat-shirt. And Red Lacey stood 
in the room, still dressed in Samuel 
Golden’s threadbare pants and al¬ 
paca coat—but Red Lacey. 

“Remember me, Vittori?” asked 
Lacey’s voice coldly. “The name is 
Lacey.” 

There was a hoarse cry in Vit¬ 
tori’s voice. “Hey, what the hell is 
this? What the hell is this guy 
going around dressed like Golden 
for? What’s the angle?” 

“Did you say you weren’t going to 
fry, Angelo?” asked Johnson in a 


voice that suddenly held a chill, an 
icy chill. “Did you say you’d beat 
the rap? Did you say you hit Golden 
on the jaw with a sap, but that was 
not killing?” 

“Sure, I said it!” There was a 
little shriek in the voice. 

“You’re wrong as hell, Angelo,” 
said Johnson. “It was murder. He 
was dead when you were running 
out of the store after you conked 
him with the blackjack. He was an 
old man—you killed him.” 

Vittori’s hands clutched at the air. 
“It’s a lie! A plant, damn it! The 
boys see him in the store after that. 
Don’t he half kill Tony and Big 
Mike Cleary when they go around to 
collect? Don’t he get his mug in 
the papers?” 

“What? An old man like Sam 
Golden beating up two tough guys 
like Mike and Tony?” chided Johnson. 
“Angelo! When brains were passed 
out you didn’t hear the dinner bell. 
The gentleman who gave Mike and 
Tony the rocking and socking was 
Mr. Lacey here. All dressed up like 
Sam Golden. Sure, using you guys 
as suckers. Making you come back 
and dig your own graves; wiping 
you out. The whole mangy, squeal¬ 
ing pack of you. Spilling your 
blood on the same street where you 
spilled Sam Golden’s. He got you 
all—all but you—and your boss. He 

£ Turn Page} 


YOU DON’T NEED A “RICH UNCLE”! 


It would be thrilling to inherit a lot 
of money . . . But there’s a bigger 
thrill in making it yourself —in being 
your own “rich uncle!” And you can 
make it a whole lot easier for yourself 
if you remember this: Your biggest 
help toward success is Good Health! 

But you can’t be healthy if you’re 
constipated. Perhaps, nothing does so 
much to pull down your energy and dull 
your ambition. Poisonous wastes in 
your system always drag at your health. 
You can’t keep at the top of your form 
unless you get rid of them. 

So if you want to feel better, if you 
want to step up your energy, if you 
want a quick mind and a vigorous body, 


remember this one thing —see that your 
bowels move regularly! 

But the way you move your bowels 
is important. Instead of taking a laxa¬ 
tive that disturbs your system and up¬ 
sets your stomach, take gentle Ex-Lax. 

Ex-Lax limits its action entirely to 
the intestines, where the actual consti¬ 
pation exists. It gives the intestines a 
gentle nudge, emptying the bowels thor¬ 
oughly—but easily and comfortably. 

Ex-Lax works in such a simple, com¬ 
mon-sense way. And it is such a pleasure 
to take. Ex-Lax tastes just like deli¬ 
cious chocolate. Available at all drug 
stores in economical 10c and 25c sizes. 
(In Canada—15c and 35c.X 



80 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


saved you two—for something bet¬ 
ter. For the hot squat.” 

Suddenly Angelo Vittori collapsed 
in the chair. His eyes stared down 
at the skull-cap and the beard and 
the wig. 

“You— guys— wouldn’t kid me 
about something like this, would 
you?” he whimpered. 

“Naw, we wouldn’t kid you, An¬ 
gelo,” nodded Johnson. “It’s on the 
level. Sam Golden is dead. You 
killed him.” 

“And in my neighborhood—al¬ 
most on my own corner!” snarled 
Lacey. “I ought to go to work on you, 
just for the exercise.” 

“And so you’re going to burn. 
And your boss, who got the import¬ 
ant dough from the racket, is going 
to—” 

“Like hell he is!” screamed Vit¬ 
tori. His face was purple, his eyes 
staring. 

“Let’s see that rat squirm, too! 
J took enough of his lip, and the 
phony scent, and the fishy stare. 
Sure, he was going to put me on the 
spot—have me taken care of if I 
didn’t handle this Golden business. 
Sure, he told me that today. Well, 
he ain’t going to sit in that picture 
gallery and eat off gold plates and 
look at guys as if they were worms 
while I fry! To hell with him!” 

“Ah,” sighed Johnson. “Now we 
are getting somewhere.” 

“Go get him!” screamed Vittori. 
“Bring him down here. Throw him 
in a lousy cell. See how that fits 
his Park Avenue clothes and his 
Harvard line of talk. Let him lay 
on the cement and feel the lice crawl 
over him. Who the hell is he, any¬ 
way?” 

“Yeah,” whispered Johnson. “Who 
is he?” 

“Moore!” spat Vittori venomously. 
“Mr. Herbert Slocum Moore, of the 
Park Avenue Moores. He’s the front 
for this mob. It’s his racket. Us 
guys got nickels. He got the dough.” 

“Moore?” echoed Lacey. “Moore, 
the big shot lawyer? Ten grand 
retaining fees?” 

“Moore?” marveled Johnson. “The 
chairman of the board of the Bor¬ 
land Bank?” 

X 


“Moore?” echoed the four sweat- 
shirted detectives. They ran tongues 
over mouths. 

“Gardenias. Striped pants. Silk 
hat. Box at the opera. Nothing less 
than the Supreme Court for him. 
Moore!” Lacey’s voice was grating. 

“You’re not a liar, are you, An¬ 
gelo?” asked Johnson softly. 

“Naw, I ain’t a liar. Get him! 
Bring him down here. 1 got the 
proof. You guys will be able to fry 
two eggs!” He laughed wildly, a 
cackle. 

“He isn’t lying!” said Lacey 
grimly. “I’ve heard things about this 
guy Moore. Put ’em away for future 
reference. What are we waiting for?” 

“Put him away, boys!” said John¬ 
son to the sweat-shirted detectives, 
with a nod toward Vittori. “Mr. 
Lacey and I have a date uptown. 
Park Avenue.” 

M R. HERBERT SL‘OCUM 
MOORE’S butler parted the 
curtains to the drawing room of the 
magnificent apartment and announced 
with great dignity: 

“Inspector William Johnson and 
Mr. Richard Lacey, sir.” 

Mr. Moore smiled, got up from 
behind a great walnut desk, bowed 
at the hips. 

“Please come in, gentlemen,” he 
said. “I—er—apologize for being 
in dressing gown, but after all it is 
an ungodly hour in the morning to 
get a man out of bed. But anything 
to aid the police.” 

Johnson looked at him. At the 
sleek hair, and the gold and black 
dressing gown, at the richness of 
the room, and the wolflike features 
of Herbert Slocum Moore. 

“May I offer you gentlemen your 
first cigar of the day?” smiled 
Moore. He lifted a walnut box that 
matched the desk, opened the lid, 
held it toward Lacey and Johnson. 

“No, thanks!” said Johnson 
gruffly. 

“Don’t use them,” said Lacey. He 
was watching Moore’s eyes. 

Moore sank down in a chair be¬ 
hind the desk. “And now, Inspec¬ 
tor, “what’s on the mind of the po¬ 
lice force so early in the morning?” 


DEATH MASQUERADE 


31 


“I am here to arrest you as an 
accessory before the fact of murder, 
committed upon the person of Sam¬ 
uel Golden.” Johnson’s voice droned 
ominously within the dead stillness 
of the apartment. 

Moore drew a long- breath. “It’s 
rather early to play jokes, isn’t it?” 
he demanded. “Really, it’s a little 
out of taste.” 

He reached for a cigar, his hand 
stopping halfway across the desk. 

“It’s no joke, Moore,” snapped 
Johnson. “We’ve got Angelo Vit- 


Herbert Slocum Moore stood in 
front of his desk, the automatic in 
his hand half raised. There was a 
look of polite surprise on his face. 
Then his mouth sagged open and his 
eyes glazed, and he fell forward, his 
head smashing inertly against the 
heavy top of the walnut desk. 

Johnson was across the room in 
three strides. He looked at Moore, 
and then he looked up at Red Lacey. 

“Damn it!” he beefed at Lacey. 
“Don’t you ever miss with that lousy 
popgun you carry? He’s through.” 


c=> The SAINT RETURNS 



t o 

POPULAR DETECTIVE 

i n 

The Saint’s Progress 

A Complete Mystery Novel Featur¬ 
ing the World’s Greatest 
Outlaw-Sleuth 

By LESLIE CHARTERIS 

World-Famed Originator of THE SAINT 

IN NEXT MONTH’S ISSUE 


tori. He killed Golden with a black¬ 
jack, days ago. He spilled every¬ 
thing. He wants to have you in the 
next cell downtown and in the death 
house.” 

“Vittori?” said Moore blankly. 
“Vittori? Really—” 

His hand reached in the cigar box. 
Then he leaped from the chair. 
There was the glint of indirect light 
on the vicious blackness of gun- 
metal. 

Johnson’s voice yelped: “Duck! 
He’s got a gat!” 

There was the sound of a breaking 
stick in the room. It sounded twice 
—that, and the smell of burning 
powder. 


He picked up the phone, dialed Po¬ 
lice Headquarters. 

Lacey’s eyes were looking around 
the room, at the rich paintings and 
tapestries. His eyes were swirling. 

“And he got this stuff out of the 
sweat and blood and misery of Fal¬ 
lon Street,” he growled in his throat. 
“It’s too bad he won’t make the trip 
with Angelo.” 

The two of them waited until tne 
wrecking crew came up from Head¬ 
quarters. 

O N the great stage the lights were 
low, except a spot which 
touched the rapt face of the girl 
who sang. Below, in the orchestra 




32 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


pit, a muted violin played an obli¬ 
gato and accompaniment, above the 
hushed ensemble of the orchestra. 

I N the first row Red Lacey, in din¬ 
ner jacket, sat beside Willie Quirk, 
his eyes staring at the face of the 
girl who sang, at her half closed 
eyes, listening to that warm voice 
which came out of her soul, listen¬ 
ing to the supplication which seemed 
going up out of the great theater, 
up to Heaven itself. 

‘‘ELI — Eliiiiiii —” 

Rosa Golden, on stage before two 
thousand people, singing her heart 
out, tears rolling down her cheeks. 
Singing as she sang once in a little 
notions store on Fallon Street. Rosa 
Golden, in jet black, her black hair 
falling down over her shoulders in 
a glorious cascade. 

The voice came to a murmuring 
stop. There was a long instant of 
silence in the theater with the two 
thousand sitting, almost trancelike. 
Then a tumult of applause; a thun¬ 
dering ovation. 

And she stood, white, the tears 
still rolling down. her face, trying 
to smile, trying to thank the two 
thousand. 

“She’s a riot,” Willie Quirk said 


in an awed voice. “She’s great! 
Gee, from Fallon Street to here— 
that’s something!” 

“I made it,” said Lacey queerly. 
His eyes were looking at the girl’s 
face, his eyes just a little wet. “It’s 
a long, long journey—and the fare 
is plenty.” 

“Remember that day in the car, 
going through Fallon Street, 1 told 
you dreams were born there— 
dreams—” Lacey’s voice trailed 
away. 

“Sure.” 

“Well, look up there—you’ll see 
what I mean. A little fellow with a 
black skull-cap and a beard dreamed 
this dream and gave it to his daugh¬ 
ter. So the little fellow’s dream came 
true—only he isn’t here tonight. 1 
guess that was part of the fare.” 

“Ah, it only cost a nickel to get 
uptown from Fallon and Orchid!” 
sajd Willie vaguely. 

“A nickel and pain and blood and 
misery and hunger.” 

He looked at Willie for a moment, 
and suddenly hugged him with one 
arm. 

“Okay. Let’s go!” he grinned. 
“You’ve had enough of the high¬ 
brow environment for tonight. I’ve 
got to feed it to you in small doses.” 


IN NEXT MONTH’S ISSUE 

DARK PASSPORT 

A Waterfront Mystery Novelette by John Hawkins 



WHEN YOU * 

BUY THE 


BLADES FOR 


• The odds are all against you when you buy un¬ 
known razor blades. Play safe! Get the double-edged, 
smooth-shaving Probak Jr., product of the world’s 
largest blade maker. Buy a package today! 


10* PROBAK junior 







Steve Lake Slides Out of Favor on Hot Ice—But Cool 
Thinking Lays a Trap for a Killer! 



Imagination ? 

By FREDERICK C. PAINTON 

Author of “Hot Dough,’’ “Brute Kill,” etc. 


S TEVE LAKE stood in the echo¬ 
ing corridor of police head¬ 
quarters in Centre Street and 
stared glumly at the door through 
which he must presently enter. It 
was a simple, old-fashioned door, 
half of wood, half of frosted glass. 
And on the glass in gold leaf letter¬ 
ing was printed, INSPECTOR 
RIORDAN. Steve Lake had to go 
through that door. 

Standing here, he was a detective 


third-grade in the Jewelry Squad. 
But after he went in there he would 
be a patrolman, a flatfoot assigned 
to some precinct in the Bronx where 
he could break his arthes on a long 
beat. In short, they were going to 
bust Steve Lake. 

If he had deserved this break, he 
could have pushed his chin out and 
gone in to take his medicine. But to 
be broken to a harness bull simply 
because older policemen in the de- 


















































34 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


partment were jealous of his quick 
promotion aroused his anger at in¬ 
justice. 

Was it his fault that he chased 
three bandits escaping from a drug 
store stick-up, and shot it out with 
them, killing one and wounding the 
other two, after he himself had been 
shot down? Was it his fault that 
Commissioner Harkness, anxious for 
favorable publicity had publicly com¬ 
mended him, and then announced 
that patrolmen of such courage 
should be rewarded, and promoted 
him to detective third-grade? 

He took a deep breath, got a new 
bite on his gum. Standing there, 
thinking, wasn’t going to help. He 
had been put on the Dewarr stick- 
up because the guys that hated him 
knew he couldn’t break the case. 
And he hadn't. It didn't matter that 
the Dewarr holdup was a perfect 
job, without a clue, that Einstein 
himself couldn’t solve it. He had 
flopped, and he’d have to pay the 
price of failure. 

Someone calling his name broke 
his reflections. 

“Hey, Lake, telephone for you.” 

H E couldn’t imagine anything im¬ 
portant coming over the phone, 
but he seized on the interruption to 
postpone his appearance before In¬ 
spector Riordan. He hastened back 
to the Jewelry Bureau. 

The two older dicks ignored him 
except to nod coldly to the phone. 
Lake picked up the receiver, said, 
“Hello.” 

“Lissen, Lake,” came a rasping, 
nervous voice, “this is Gimpy Martin. 
Watchu willin’ to pay for a hot tip 
on the Dewarr stickup?” 

Gimpy Martin was a fink, a stool- 
pigeon. He had also been what is 
called a punk, or a gang hanger-on. 
Every New York dick cultivates and 
builds up his own sources of infor¬ 
mation through stool-pigeons. And 
Lake had caught Gimpy trying to 
push in an East Side cut-rate jew¬ 
elry store. He held this charge over 
Gimpy, and bought occasional hot 
underworld tips from Gimpy at ten 
dollars a tip. He was reliable. 

Lake’s facie grew taut—a lead at 


last. He might still break the Dewarr 
case and stave off the loss of his 
shield. 

He said, “I’ll pay plenty. What 
have you got?” 

“Bring fifty bucks around to the 
Barkley Hotel,” said Gimpy cun¬ 
ningly, “and I’ll belch an earful.” 

The line clicked and went dead. 
Lake put the receiver back on the 
cradle. 

Old Pieter Van Hoosen who had 
been a cop when Steve wore diapers, 
growled gruffly, “Inspector Riordan 
just called and says for you to hop 
in and make it snappy.” 

Lake smiled. “If you boys are 
waiting around for the funeral, you 
may have a long wait.” He strode 
briskly into Inspector Riordan’s of¬ 
fice. 

“Hello, Chief,” he forced a smile. 
“Detective Lake reporting.” 

“You mean Patrolman Lake re¬ 
porting,” corrected Inspector Rior¬ 
dan. He was a big leathery man 
with a square face, a square jaw and 
hard, disillusioned eyes. 

“Now, wait a minute, Inspector,” 
Lake began, and told him of the 
new development, withholding only 
Gimpy’s name as was customary. 

“With this lead,” Lake concluded, 
“I think I can bust this case wide 
open.” 

“Maybe you could,” Inspector Rior¬ 
dan’s expression did not change, 
“only it’s been busted wide open. It’s 
settled. The diamonds have been re¬ 
turned.” 

“What!” Lake was staggered. 

“Don’t you read the papers ?” 
Riordan held up a noon edition of the 
Sphere. In black headlines across 
eight columns it read: 

DEWARR DIAMONDS RECOVERED 

And in lesser type: 

Asah Stone, famous private detective, re¬ 
turns one hundred thousand dollars in gems 
to Dewarrs after police fail to break case. 

Lake’s eyes sped down the thick 
blocks of grey printing, and he was 
sick at what he read. It was Asah 
Stone this, and Asah Stone that; the 
renowned private detective, the bril¬ 
liant private sleuth who had sue- 


WHAT! NO IMAGINATION? 


35 


ceeded where the police had failed. 

But when you got rid of all the 
compliments and the literary efforts 
of a reporter trying to pad out a 
story, it summed down to this: that 
Asah Stone, by means which he had 
not revealed, had recovered the hun¬ 
dred thousand dollars in diamonds 
stolen from Mrs. Jonathan Dewarr 
when she had been held up in her 
suite at the Hotel Superbe a fort¬ 
night ago. 

There was something else, too, 
that Steve read with a sick heart. 
Set two columns wide in bold black 
type was a short editorial boxed at 
the top of the page, entitled: 

WHAT’S WRONG WITH THE POLICE? 

It said a lot of bitter, terrible 
things about inefficiency, hinted at 
graft and corruption, and political 
stupidity, and wound up by saying: 

Has it come to this in our city, that a 
private detective can succeed where eighteen 
thousand policemen fail? Is Asah Stone 
more brilliant than our two thousand detec¬ 
tives—OR IS HE MORE HONEST? 

“Wow!” muttered Lake. He knew 
that the Sphere was against the 
present police commissioner, but this 
was the boldest, most vicious attack 
yet made. 

“Wow is right,” growled Riordan. 
“The first thing Harkness did was 
to call me and have you suspended 
on charges of inefficiency. And that’s 
where you are now.” 

“The goat,” said Lake bitterly, 
“sent to join the other goats in the 
Bronx.” 

“It’s worse than that, lad,” said 
Riordan. “You’ll probably be dis¬ 
missed from the force. Harkness is 
in a spot and somebody has to take 
the fail.” 

Lake recoiled. His anger flushed 
his face red. 

“But they passed up older men to 
stick me on this case because they 
wanted to see me busted,” he yelled. 
“They wanted to reduce me because 
older men were jealous.” 

“That’s department politics,” Rior¬ 
dan said coldly. “You laid an egg on 
this case, and you pay.” He held out 
his hand. “I’ll take your shield.” 


Slowly Lake unpinned the shining 
shield. How proud he had been of 
it. Blowing on it to polish off the 
moisture, proud of it, looking upon it 
as a symbol of high duty. Riordan 
took the bit of metal and flipped it 
into the drawer. He sat silent, in¬ 
dicating that the interview was over. 

Lake said suddenly, “Well, if Asah 
Stone recovered the diamonds, where 
is the pinch? Who did he turn over 
for the job?” 

R IORDAN stared disgustedly. “He 
didn’t pinch anybody. He just 
made a deal with the thieves and 
got back the jewels.” He snorted. 

“How dumb are you anyway? You 
know Asah Stone is retained by 
most of the big insurance companies. 
Those diamonds were insured for a 
hundred thousand dollars. If Asah 
Stone can make contact with the 
thieves and offer them fifty grand, 
no questions asked, they take it. 
Mrs. Dewarr gets back her diamonds. 
The thieves get an easy fifty grand, 
and the insurance company saves 
fifty thousand dollars.” 

“But that’s compounding a felony,” 
protested Lake. “That’s just urging 
these bandits to go ahead and keep 
on knocking off rich dames who 
wear too many jewels. Maybe that 
accounts for the sixteen big jewel 
stickups in the past year.” 

Riordan twisted impatiently. “The 
trouble with you, Steve, is that you 
haven’t got any imagination. You 
can’t figure beyond cause and effect. 
That’s why I’m satisfied you’ll never 
make a detective—beat it now, I’m 
busy.” 

The bright sunshine on Centre 
Street seemed pale and weak as 
Steve Lake stumbled to the curb. 
Mechanically he tossed away his 
gum, unwrapped another stick, 
folded it and put it in his mouth. 
The first shock had passed, his fury 
was under control. 

“What’s imagination got to do 
with being a dick?” he muttered. 

Suddenly his teeth clicked. He 
waved down a cab. “Fulton and 
Broadway,” he growled and sank 
back against the cushions. He didn’t 
move all during the trip. At the 


36 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


corner of Fulton and Broadway he 
climbed two flights of stairs, and 
entered an office whose door bore the 
sign: 

ASAH STONE 
Private Investigator 

To the girl at the desk he said, 
“Hi, sweetheart, is the man marvel 
in?” 

She went on smearing lipstick 
with the tip of her right little finger. 

“He just came in. I don’t know 
whether he sees dicks with broken 
arches. I’m not your sweetheart.” 

Lake grinned, “Right, you belong 
to the world.” He pressed on, be¬ 
fore she could reply, to the door 
marked “Private.” He opened with¬ 
out knocking, but evidently the girl 
had pressed a buzzer, for Asah Stone 
was standing, smiling toward him. 

“Well, well,” he chuckled, “if it 
isn’t Steve Lake, the harmonica 
player in person. How’s the one-man 
band ?” 

Asah Stone looked like a smoothie. 
He was tall, with broad shoulders. 
He had smartly cut grey hair, nar¬ 
row grey eyes. He wore a grey suit, 
and his thin, long grey face had the 
wary expression of one who knew 
all the answers. Looking at him 
Steve thought of a clever grey fox. 

A SAH STONE was a guy going 
places. The best night spots saw 
him; he squired the snappiest look¬ 
ing blondes. He spent big money, 
and got his name in the paper often 
enough to have a reputation as the 
best private dick in America—and 
he charged accordingly, 

“Hello,” said Lake. He kept his 
dislike for Asah Stone out of his 
eyes. 

“Deduction tells me,” said Stone, 
“that you’ve come about the Dewarr 
diamonds.” 

“You must do it with mirrors,” re¬ 
joined Lake. “What I want to know 
is, will there be a pinch in the Dew¬ 
arr case? How did you recover the 
diamonds ? And—” 

“One question at a time,” laughed 
Stone. “I happen to know that you 
don’t own a badge any longer—that, 
if you’re lucky, you’ll wear your 


heels to the ankle shuffling around in 
harness. But at that I’m willing to 
tell you a few things.” 

“Go ahead,” Lake kept his moutn 
stretched in a forced grin. 

“There will be no pinch,” stated 
Asah Stone. “First, because this was 
a dicker I made as representative of 
the insurance companies to save 
them money. Second, I don’t know 
who did the job, anyway.” 

He gestured to Lake, invited him 
to approach the flat-topped desk. 
“Here is the record,” he continued. 
“I put an advertisement in the 
Sphere to make contact with the 
thieves. Read it if you want to. 
The advertisement was answered by 
this letter, the words cut, as you can 
see, from daily newspapers. They 
or he or she asked fifty grand. 

“I talked with the Consolidated 
Insurance people, and they okayed 
the price. I put another ad in the 
Sphere, accepting. There it is. And 
here’s the reply, telling me to put 
up the dough in old five-buck bills, 
and check the package at Grand 
Central Terminal.” 

He grinned smartly at Lake. “Neat 
but not gaudy, eh?” 

“Go on,” said Lake grimly. 

Asah Stone shrugged. “I was to 
walk—as you can read in the in¬ 
structions—to the Twentieth Cen¬ 
tury train gate. I was to drop the 
check. I did so. A guy picked it 
up and handed it back to me. It 
wasn’t the same check. I walked to 
the checking booth and turned in my 
stub. The package I got contained 
the diamonds. That’s all.” 

“Not quite,” said Lake quietly. 
“You saw the guy that handed you 
the substitute stub.” 

“No,” corrected Asah Stone. “I 
deliberately didn’t look at him so 
I wouldn’t have to testify.” 

Lake stared at him. “It’s a racket,” 
he muttered. “You and the thieves 
and the insurance company, dishing 
somebody out of fifty grand. What’s 
your cut?” 

“The insurance company pays me 
an annual retainer.” 

“Then there’ll be no pinch, no 
clues?” 

Asah Stone shrugged. “I’m paid 


WHAT! NO IMAGINATION? 


37 


to recover the jewels, not to grab 
hot boys. If you had any imagina¬ 
tion you’d see that.” 

“It don’t take any imagination to 
see that you connive with thieves.” 

Asah Stone flushed redly. "Are 
you insinuating I’m a crook?” 

“I wouldn’t know now,” snapped 
Steve. “How did those thieves know 
you’d play ball? Before they had 
the dough they gave you the check 
stub. How did they know but what, 
having got the check stub, you might 
have slipped them a package of cut 
newspaper ?” 

“I’ve got a reputation for playing 
square.” 

“Settled other cases like this?” 

“Fifteen,” Stone said softly. “So 
what?” 

“So I’m keeping on digging. I 
might turn up plenty.” 

S TONE thrust his chin out, came 
close. “That’s another crack and 
the last. Get to hell out of here.” 

He made the mistake of giving 
Lake a rough shove. The trigger on 
Lake’s anger snapped home. His 
right arm swung up, throwing four 
hard knuckles and riding behind the 
punch one hundred and eighty 
pounds of fighting-mad cop. The 
knuckles clicked on Asah’s jaw just 
as the private dick himself threw a 
punch. 

A large, engraved black onyx ring 
on his hand scratched Lake’s fore¬ 
head. But Asah Stone himself went 
backward. He lit on the back of his 
neck and did not get up. 

Lake rubbed his forehead, looked 
at the onyx ring. “A cutting ring,” 
he said. “I’m a fool but I feel better 
now.” 

He backed to the door. Stone 
glared at him. 

“In twenty minutes, punk, every 
cop in New York will be looking ’for 
you to make a pinch for assault and 
battery. I’ll not only see you dis¬ 
honorably discharged, but I’ll see 
you in stir for that blow.” 

“Nuts,” said Lake. 

He turned and went out of the 
office, down to the stairway. 

Lake went down to the bright sun¬ 
shine of the street. He stood for a 


moment, wiping the scratch on his 
forehead with a handkerchief. 

“Steve, darling,” said a voice that 
snapped him upright with a thrill of 
joy. “I figured you’d be here. And 
here’s me to give you an earful.” 

Lake grinned at her. “Hello, 
Scrumptious. We’ll have to put off 
getting married until I get my shield 
back.” 

“You’ll put it off until I say yes,” 
Marjorie Steele said, “and that won’t 
be until the sixth Friday in October. 
I’m a career gal.” 

“Your career will be cooking 
corned beef and cabbage and rais¬ 
ing a mess of kids.” They started 
walking up Broadway. 

“You’re immodest,” she smiled. 
“But cut out the cracking. I’ve got 
news.” 

“Good news?” 

“If you had any imagination it 
would be. Listen. I was around to 
the Dewarr’s to see about an inter¬ 
view on why big-bosomed lasses 
wear diamonds. I learned from her 
that the diamonds had been recov¬ 
ered. I immediately suspected Asah 
Stone’s crooked hand and dropped 
by here to check with him before 
I wrote my story. And who do you 
think I saw going into Asah Stone’s 
office?” 

Lake’s eyes gleamed. “It wasn’t 
Santa Claus, Scrumptious.” 

“It may be Santa Claus to you,” 
she retorted. “Darling, it was Moxie 
Ardery.” 

“Not the beautiful boy bandit!” 

“The long-lashed, peach-skinned, 
little rat himself,” she nodded. 

Lake stood very quietly, then 
pulled out a crumpled package of 
cigarettes, straightened one, lit it, 
handed it to Marjorie and then lit 
one for himself. 

“Stand very quiet, Lovely,” he 
said, “until I think this through. 
I’ve got an idea and since it didn’t 
tear my head open maybe it’s good.” 

He stared abstractedly across City 
Hall Park. Moxie Ardery was notori¬ 
ous from one end of Broadway to 
the other as a youth of twenty-five 
who had started out as a punk and 
had become, in a few years, the 
smartest bandit in the game. His 


38 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


downy skin and handsome looks got 
him into the better hotels where 
women fell for him, and he sized up 
a lone woman or a husband and 
wife with jewels. The jewels were 
stolen either by a sneak thief or at 
the point of a gun. Moxie was never 
caught with the goods, and if ar¬ 
rested had an alibi. 

M OXIE is an underworld term 
meaning smart, having lots on 
the ball. Moxie Ardery had all that. 
The connection between him and the 
Dewarr diamonds was obvious. The 
proof of his guilt was something else 
again. 

The fact that he came to see Asah 
Stone was important enough to show 
Moxie as the probable intermediary 
to settle the details of returning the 
diamonds. But you couldn’t prove 
that. 

In short, as Lake realized, about 
all this tip-off was good for was to 
make Gimpy’s information of value. 
He had to see the stoolie at once. 
He raised a hand, hailed a cab. 

“Where are you going?” Marge de¬ 
manded. 

“I’m going to see a man about a 
horse,” grinned Lake. “Thanks, 
Scrumptious. Have dinner with me 
tomorrow night and I’ll give you 
‘Santa Lucia’ on the new harmonica. 
It’s a honey.” 

He got into the cab and Marjorie 
climbed in beside him. “I go for the 
dinner but God forbid I have to hear 
you play. Lead on, MacDuff. I smell 
a story for the Sphere.” 

“If I break this, you’ll have a 
story,” he agreed grimly. “This is 
what you people call a ring of jewel 
thieves. There are plenty of brains 
behind it.” 

There was silence for a while until 
Marge suddenly said, “You’d be a 
great detective if you had imagina¬ 
tion to go with your memory for 
facts.” 

“Hey, lay off,” growled Lake. 
“Detectives don’t need imagination. 
You’ve been reading books.” 

Marjorie sighed. “Skip it, Lovey.” 
And so nothing was said until they 
reached the Barkley Hotel on Third 
Avenue. The Barkley was a cheap 


hotel where for a few dollars a week 
you got a room with a key to it, 
within walking distance of a bath¬ 
room. 

Gimpy had a room on the fourth 
floor, a walk-up that left both Steve 
and Marge without wind. The corri¬ 
dor, even in daylight, was lit by the 
sickly glow from a drop cord bulb. 
The numerals twenty-six were pen¬ 
ciled on the chipped front of a door. 
Lake knocked. 

“It’s me, Gimpy,” he said, “Steve 
Lake.” 

He heard no sound and rattled 
the door knob impatiently. Then he 
pounded. “Open up, Gimpy.” 

Still silence. Lake looked suddenly 
at Marge. She was pale and sud¬ 
denly her eyes were wide with in¬ 
tuitive horror. Lake hurled himself 
at the door. His broad shoulders re¬ 
bounded, and he hit again. This time 
the flimsy lock gave and he sprawled 
inside. One look was enough. 

“Stay out there, kid,” he rapped. 

But she was already behind him. 
He felt her sway against him. “My 
God,” she muttered, “he’s dead!” 

“He wasn’t sung to sleep,” Lake 
countered. “Come on, kid, buck up.” 

He left her there and walked to 
the body that lay sprawled on the 
cheap, white-enameled bed. Gimpy 
had looked like a weasel in life, with 
his big buck teeth, and now, his 
mouth opened in death, he looked 
more like a weasel than ever. Lake’s 
trained eye took in the details, so he 
knew what had happened as well as 
if he had been here. 

“Somebody socked him on the 
jaw,” he said. “See the bruise on 
his cheek. Odd-shaped bruise. He 
started for the telephone in the hall 
and he was shot with a silenced gun. 
Right through the pump — no, it 
must have just missed the heart be¬ 
cause there’s blood on his lips. But 
he didn’t live long. Just long enough 
to take out that dollar bill.” 

“Dollar bill?” said Marge. 

“Yeah. I wonder why?” 

He felt of the body. Already get¬ 
ting cold. “Say an hour ago he was 
shot,” he said. And as he spoke 
these words his eyes widened in sur¬ 
prise. “By the Lord, Scrumptious, 


WHAT! NO IMAGINATION? 


39 


he was killed within a minute or two 
after he called me at Headquarters. 
Somebody heard him or knew he was 
going to squeal. Now he’ll never 
squeal.” 

The realization sickened him. He 
never knew until now how much he 
had banked on Gimpy’s information. 
He was up against a blank wall once 
more. 

“Moxie Ardery,” Marge called. “He 
did it, Steve. He must have. You 
told me yourself Gimpy used to play 
around with Moxie’s mob.” 

Lake nodded. “The theory is log¬ 
ical, darling, but you have to prove 
it.” He studied the bruise, memoriz¬ 
ing the purple pattern of it. Then 
he searched the body and found noth¬ 
ing. 

He stood for a space, bitterly dis¬ 
appointed. Then he took the dollar 
bill and stared at it curiously. 

“Funny thing for a dead man to 
do,” he muttered. “Why—well, I’ll 
be damned!” 

“What is it?” Marge cried breath¬ 
lessly. 

Lake pointed to the dollar bill. In 
the upper right-hand corner and in 
the lower left was printed the bill’s 
serial number—E-62839817-N. But 
someone with an indelible pencil or 
ink had marked the letters and cer¬ 
tain numbers. The letter E was 
marked, then the numbers two, eight, 
three, one, seven, and finally the N. 

Marge looked puzzled. “I see it, 
but what does it mean?” she asked. 

L AKE looked at the corpse. “Gimpy, 
you were a genius!” 

“What do you mean?” 

“Suppose.” said Lake softly, “you 
wanted to keep a telephone number 
and didn’t want to carry around a 
paper that could be found. Sup¬ 
pose—” 

Marge cried, “It is a telephone 
number, Steve. EN two—eight— 
three—one—seven.” 

“Endicott 2-8317 on a hunch,” 
said Lake. 

“It’s a clue.” Marge was trembling 
with excitement. 

Lake shrugged. “He didn’t get it 
out for a tip.” 

He wrapped his hand in a hand¬ 


kerchief and telephoned Centre 
Street. After he got Inspector Lana- 
han and had told the facts of Gimpy’s 
murder, he said, “And, Inspector, 
have them bring the infra-red cam¬ 
era. That bruise is peculiar.” 

“Hey, what you doing there? You 
wait until—” 

Lake hung up. “Wait until he 
pinches me for socking Stone,” he 
muttered. “Come on, Scrumptious, 
let’s trace this telephone number.” 

They called the superintendent 
who, when he heard “police busi¬ 
ness,” immediately dug into his files. 

“It’s a private listing,” he told 
Lake. “Robert H. Hardell, Importer, 
Nine-fifty-one Riverside Drive.” 

Marge cried, “Moxie Ardery for a 
dime.” 

“Maybe,” said Lake. “Anyway, 
you go into your office and write 
what you have and I’ll meet you at 
eight for dinner.” 

“Then we go calling,” she laughed. 

“Then we go calling.” 

At eight o’clock, however. Lake 
was not waiting for Marge. He was 
crossing the lobby of the apartment 
house at 951 Riverside Drive. She’d 
be sore, he knew, but if this was 
what he expected it to be, then no 
girl belonged. 

The Nassau negro took him up to 
the ninth floor and pointed to a door. 
Mr. Ha’dell lives there, but I don’t 
know if he’s in.” 

Lake rapped on the door. For a 
long time there was silence. Then a 
voice said, “Who’s there?” 

“Janitor,” said Lake. “There’s 
water leaking into the apartment be¬ 
low.” 

There was a long silence, the sound 
of whispering. Then the door was 
unlocked, opened about six inches. 

“Listen, janitor,” said a voice, “fix 
it later, can’t you? My wife’s—” 

Lake put his number nine shoe in 
the opening, his shoulder against the 
door, and pushed. He went inside in 
a hurry as the resisting body sur¬ 
rendered to his strength. 

“Just a minute, Moxie,” he said, 
“this is a pinch and the charge is 
murder.” 

The boy bandit was beautiful—no 
other word described him. Yellow 


40 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


curly hair, bright blue eyes and a 
soft, pink skin on a perfectly chis¬ 
eled face. Only his ear lobes—or 
rather lack of lobes—distorted his 
face, hinted at the mental twist that 
had made him a crook. That, and the 
bitter cold, inhuman blaze in his 
eyes as he stared at Lake. 

Lake thrust the door closed behind 
him and backed the youth into the 
living room. There was consterna¬ 
tion, hate—even fear—in Moxie's ex¬ 
pression as he slowly retreated. Once 
Lake saw him glance swiftly at his 
wrist-watch, a diamond and platinum 
affair that belonged more properly 
on a-woman’s wrist. 

Lake kept his hand in his right 
pocket, the nose of his gun pressing 
hard against the cloth and making a 
lump. Beyond Moxie he saw a yel¬ 
low-haired bit of painted fluff, with 
wide, saucerlike eyes. Also a short, 
stocky man whom Lake had never 
seen before. 

“Drop your guns in the middle of 
the floor,” Lake said, “and do it easy 
—I’m just holding this trigger with 
my thumb.” 

Moxie said, “You can’t do this, you 
punk-headed lug. You ain’t a dick 
any more—you’re out. You ain’t got 
any right to come in here—” 

“Skip it,” cut in Lake. “I’m here. 
You killed Gimpy Martin—” 

“That’s a lie,” screamed the girl. 
“He was with me and I’ll swear to it.” 

“Yeah?” said Lake. “How did you 
know when the kill was done?” 

Her crimson mouth bit down. 
Moxie said, “Shut up, Mae, every 
time you open that trap of yours you 
put your foot in it.” 

Lake waited until two guns and a 
blackjack lay in the middle of the 
floor. Then he moved slowly toward 
the table where the telephone was. 

“Sit down,” he said, “while I call 
the Homicide guys.” 

Moxie was purple. “But I didn’t 
bump Gimpy,” he screamed,.“and be¬ 
sides—” 

It was the short, stocky man who 
changed the complexion of things. 
His hand flicked once and an ink- 
stand flew through the air as straight 
as an arrow. Lake had no time to 
duck. It smashed into the side of his 


head, a glancing blow but sufficient 
to trip him, make him lunge to catch 
his balance, and blind his ink-filled 
eyes to the trio. The short, stocky 
man was hustling in on a follow-up, 
but Moxie beat him to Lake. Moxie 
made one flying leap, landed on 
Lake’s back and hooked both hands 
around Lake’s throat. 

“Get his gun, George,” Moxie cried. 

George did more than that. He 
hooked a punch to Lake’s jaw, then 
kicked the detective in the stomach. 
With Moxie’s weight on him, Lake 
went down. Then they had his gun. 
He was brutally kicked toward the 
sofa. 

I N that instant had Moxie changed. 

His eyes grew to pin-points and his 
mouth was lifted in a terrible smile. 
“Swell work, George. I admit he had 
me going.” 

“Never let a dumb cop get you 
going,” said George. “I had that .ink- 
stand all set the minute I saw him 
come in.” 

They searched Lake but found noth¬ 
ing but his two-deck harmonica, the 
one he had paid twenty-two dollars 
for. 

Moxie laughed. “I remember now 
— you’re the guy that plays the 
mouth-organ.” 

Lake went on wiping the ink off 
his face. The girl called Mae laughed 
hysterically, “God, I thought he was 
gonna bust up the big job we got^—” 
“Shut up,” snapped Moxie, and 
George added, “Geez, get a twist into 
something and you start walkin’ on 
dynamite.” 

Moxie glanced at his wrist-watch 
again. He reached for the telephone. 
“I’ll ask what we got to do with this 
flattie,” he said. “I’m worried.” 

A silence came over the room and 
Lake, sitting there, listened intently 
as Moxie dialed the number. The de¬ 
tective reached out and picked up his 
harmonica, but he did not blow into 
it. He was counting the clicks, as 
Moxie’s forefinger wheeled the dial 
and let it slide back. 

Presently Moxie said, “Hello — 
yeah. Why, we was all set to shove 
off for this job and this lug Steve 
Lake came in behind a rod— Yeah, 


WHAT! NO IMAGINATION? 


41 


we grabbed him. Do we throw him 
to the crabs?” 

He listened intently. So did Lake, 
but while he could hear certain metal¬ 
lic sounds over the wire, he could not 
hear a word spoken. 

Moxie nodded as if he could see 
the speaker. “I get it. Time-table 
stuff. Okay, I’ll do it that way. I’ll 
drop the stuff with you and then fix 
this punk dick.” 

He hung up and turned to George. 
“You stay here while me and Mae 
do what we got to do. If this lug 
gives you any trouble, bounce him 
one good.” 

“And how!” grinned George. “Per¬ 
manent?” 

Moxie nodded slowly. “Perma¬ 
nent.” 

Lake blew softly into the harmon¬ 
ica and, with his fingers cupped 
around it, made “Pennies from 
Heaven” come out with surprising 
melody and skill. Moxie thrust Mae 
through the door. He drew on his 
gloves. 

“Permanent,” he repeated. 

Mae was saying as the door closed, 
“I never knew mouth-organ music 
was so pretty. Now, you take Pete—” 

“You take him,” growled Moxie, 
“he’s your husband.” 

The door banged after them. Lake 
played the last bar. "Does this 
bother you?” he asked. 

G EORGE blasted smoke from his 
nostrils, took out the cigarette, 
spat in the waste basket. “Go ahead, 
it don’t bother me none.” 

Lake’s eyes moved reflectively 
around the room. He blew into the 
instrument and this time, more 
loudly, played, “The Night and You.” 
The music was quite loud. George 
lit a cigarette from the stub of the 
first and all the movement he made 
was his foot beating time to the music. 
His automatic pistol and the hand 
holding it lay idle in his lap. 

Lake stopped for a time, staring 
at the opened windows and French 
doors that led to a balcony. 

“You really blow that thing,” 
George said. 

“Lake said, “Yeah, I’ve been prac¬ 
ticing since I was a kid.” 


He glanced at his wrist-watch. A 
shade of frown passed over his fore¬ 
head. He began to blow again, a hot 
swing tune that had both of George’s 
feet tapping, had his shoulders swing¬ 
ing, his head nodding appreciatively. 

George began to whistle through 
his teeth in accompaniment. The 
gun, more relaxed, was disturbed by 
his leg’s movements and slid over to 
one side. Gun and hand both were 
ready to slide down toward the floor. 
George was completely relaxed. 

Lake, beating time with his feet, 
got himself into position for a plan 
he hoped to carry out. Swifter and 
swifter he worked up the time, shoul¬ 
ders shaking, sitting bolt upright. 

George said, “Hah-chaa! Boy, is 
that hot?” 

And then as he was blowing out 
the last swift measures Lake, already 
taut, came off the couch in one hurt¬ 
ling movement that was a flow of 
strength and desperation. The har¬ 
monica flew out and whacked George 
across the nose. He tried to raise his 
gun but it takes time to coordinate 
your muscles after you’re all let 
down. And he didn’t get the gun 
straightened out until Lake was 
alongside. 

One powerful downward blow para¬ 
lyzed George’s arm and the gun 
belched redly to drive a slug into 
the floor. Lake hooked George to the 
chin. He lifted him up, socked him 
again. And George staggered back, 
tripped and fell headlong to bang his 
head nastily against the side of the 
desk drawer. 

Blood drooled from his scalp and 
he didn’t move. Lake got the gun, 
tore up the portieres to make bonds, 
and trussed George until he looked 
like a mummy. 

Lake hurried to the door, then 
went back for his harmonica and 
nodded. “Swell!” he muttered, and 
went out in the hall. 

He almost knocked Marge down. 
She had a policeman with her. For 
once Marge had lost her poise. She 
leaped at Lake and flung her arms 
around his neck. 

“Steve!” she gasped. “I thought 
they had you. Oh, you were smart. 
It took imagination to play that har- 


42 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


monica so I could locate the apart¬ 
ment. I heard it and knew they had 
you and got a cop.” 

Lake said huskily, “You mean, you 
were going to crash in against those 
monkeys?” 

“You’re okay,” she said, flustered, 
“except when you run off and leave 
me to pay for my own dinner— Did 
you get Moxie?” 

The mention of the boy bandit 
brought Lake back to reality. He 
nodded to the cop. 

“There’s a guy in there named 
George. He knows things. But you 
won’t be able to hose them out in 
time. You take him down. I’ve got 
things to do.” He glanced anxiously 
at his watch. “Come on, Marge,” he 
grabbed her hand. 

In the taxicab Marge gasped, “My 
God, where’s the fire? What’s up?” 

Lake said, “We’re going to bust up 
this jewel gang.” 

“You’ve got ideas,” she said. 

“Yes,” but he didn’t tell her what 
they were. At Times Square he 
stopped long enough to call Centre 
Street. To the detective who replied, 
he said, “A new hotel robbery re¬ 
ported?” He gave his name. 

“Yeah. A Mrs. Ida Whitehouse 
was robbed of eighty grand in pearls 
not twenty minutes ago. But how 
the hell did you know?” 

“Do you believe in fairies?” Lake 
said, and hung up. 

Back in the cab, Marge said to 
him, “Where are we going?” 

“Pishing,” said Lake. “Let’s hope 
they all bite good.” 

At City Hall Park he picked up 
the cop on the corner. “Get your gat 
ready,” Lake said, “this may be 
tougher than you think.” They cov¬ 
ered the two blocks to Stone’s office. 

Something in Lake’s expression 
brought the policeman silently at his 
heels. Marge was panting with ex¬ 
citement as they went up the stairs. 
The same girl was putting more lip¬ 
stick on the same lips when Lake 
camf in. 

“Is the mental giant in there?” 
Steve asked. 

“Yeah, but he’s busy.” 

“No tip-off,” he growled, waving 
his gun at her head. 


She let go the plug. He banged 
against the door and, when it held, 
drove his fist through the frosted 
glass, and then reached inside and 
unlocked the door. Asah Stone was 
jumping up from behind the desk. 
Moxie Ardery had a gun out, but the 
cop said, “Now, now,” and Asah 
Stone, half-turning, growled, “Are 
you crazy? Put up that gun.” 

T HEN, his eyes blazing, he strode 
to Lake. “Now, what the hell 
does this mean, stupid?” 

“It means,” rejoiped Lake calmly, 
“that you’re under arrest for the 
murder of Gimpy Martin. You’re 
charged with being the big shot of a 
bandit syndicate, picking out the peo¬ 
ple to be robbed, and splitting the 
insurance dough that you get for re¬ 
covering the jewels. 

“It means, rat, that you’re an ac¬ 
cessory before and after the fact of 
the robbery of Mrs. Dewarr and Mrs. 
Ida Whitehouse. And one buck will 
get you fifty that Moxie Ardery’s 
got the pearls on him or they’re in 
your desk.” 

“You’re nuts,” laughed Asah Stone. 
“Me kill Gimpy Martin? Why should 
I want to kill a punk like that?” 

“Because he knew you were the 
guy that engineered the thefts,” said 
Lake pleasantly. “You got your rec¬ 
ords from the insurance company. 
They told you who had the most val\j- 
able jewels and how much insurance 
they carried as a precaution. You 
got guys like Moxie to go out and 
knock off the catch, and then split 
with them on the dough paid by the 
insurance company.” 

“Well,” grinned Asah Stone, “if 
you’re that crazy, are you crazy 
enough to say you can prove it?” 

“Sure,” nodded Lake. All of a 
sudden he grabbed Asah Stone’s 
right hand. He wrenched off the 
ring, the black onyx ring with the 
peculiar design. 

“You hit Gimpy with this, and the 
ring left its impression. This new 
photographing by infra-red rays 
picks up designs like that easy. It 
was your trademark.” His face never 
revealed what a hunch, what a guess 
that was. 


WHAT! NO IMAGINATION? 


43 


Asah Stone turned livid. 

“Then,” went on Lake, “Moxie tele¬ 
phoned you after he caught me in his 
apartment. Called you about this 
Whitehouse job. He dialed the num¬ 
ber in a silent room, Stone, and I 
counted the clicks. Two, two, six, 
six, nine, two, one. Check that on 
any telephone and it’s Canal 6-6921.” 

Before Stone could say a word, 
Lake went on, “And, Moxie, you take 
a rap for murdering Gimpy, too. You 
were with Stone, and that makes you 
an accessory. Gimpy put the finger 
on you by holding a dollar bill that 
had your telephone number on it.” 

“No, no!” howled Moxie suddenly. 
“Stoney knocked him off. On account 
of Gimpy seen Stoney’s girl wearing 
that Dewarr necklace before Stoney 
sent it back. He did it. I didn’t 
know he was going—” 

Stone went for the man in a death 
struggle. But Lake and the cop 
pulled them apart and held them, 
screaming accusations and invectives. 
A phone call brought a prowl car 
and the Homicide Squad men. 

The next day Lake went to the 
Sphere office in response to Marge’s 


summons. “You’re reinstated,” she 
said. “Just got a call from Centre 
Street. Better yet, Harkness says he 
intends to make you a second-grade 
detective.” 

“How sweet of him,” said Lake 
sourly. “They make you a second- 
grade dick today, and tomorrow if 
you fumble, they take it away.” 

However, he was thrilled, though 
he didn’t let Marge see it. 

She said earnestly, “Steve, you’re 
wonderful. I never knew you had 
that much imagination. Figuring 
out that telephone call, marking the 
print of that ring—” 

“Imagination the devil!” protested 
Lake. “Those are facts. You' just 
find them and you don’t need any 
imagination. They tell their own 
story.” 

She reached up, gave him a hearty 
kiss. “Does that arouse your imag¬ 
ination?” she demanded. 

“No,” said Lake, “that tells me 
that on a detective second-grade’s 
pay we have an apartment on the 
West Side,' and you learn to cook 
corned beef and cabbage at least once 
a week.” 



Next Month: THE BUDDHA WHISPERS, 
A Diamondstone Novelette by G. T. Fleming-Roberts 


NOT GUILTY 

Don’t be gnilty of scraping 
your face. Star Single-edge 
Blades give you comfort —for 
life! Made since 1880 by the 
inventors of the safety razor. 
Star Blade Div., Brooklyn, N.Y. 

FOR GEM AND EVER-READY RAZORS 

STAR‘2’^ 









Tevin Turns on a Barrage of Anti-Crime 

A Complete 


Novelette 



DEATH 


CHAPTER 1 
Reaching Hands 

A PRIVATE detective can sense 
trouble coming, folks say. 
„ But I wasn’t sensing any¬ 
thing when I started back to my 
office after dinner that night, i 
rounded the corner without a thought 
in my mind—and then I saw it. 

A car was in front of my office 
building. A girl stood next to the 
car, back to it, facing the building 
entrance. Her face was crazy with 


fear, and her hands were tearing at 
her throat. No, not at her throat! 
They were tearing at two hands 
reaching out from the sedan, hands 
that strangled her! 

1 saw veins knot on those mur¬ 
derous hands, saw the girl’s face 
suffuse with blood. 

I pounded toward the car at top 
speed. If I could get my mitts on 
the strangler— 

But he heard me coming. I- got 
just a flash of blue serge sleeves 
above the strangling hands, then the 


To Whitewash Black Deeds, a Wily Killer 


44 

















































































































































Tactics Against a Game of Greed! 



girl was released and the car 
screamed into gear. I took one leap 
after it, and stopped. The girl 
needed attention badly. 

She’d looked like shj was dead 
when she slumped to the walk with 
her face white and her throat 
bruised. But she opened her eyes 
when I bent over her. Blue eyes. 
Nice. 

“I’ll take you to a doctor,” I said, 
picking her up. 

“No—I’m all right,” she came 
back, voice thick and burred. “I 


fainted for a minute. That’s all.” 

Game kid! Her throat was turn¬ 
ing livid now. 

“Put me down, please,” she said 
huskily. 

“Okay. How did that happen bade 
there? Who was trying to kill you?” 

The girl shook her head. “I had 
my back to the car when the hands 
reached out. I didn’t see who 
owned the hands. Please—I have to 
see a man named Tevin, in this 
building.” 

“You’re seeing him now,” I said. 


Runs t 

he Gamut o 

f Mass M 

iurd 


45 































































































46 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


“You’re Private Detective James 
Tevin?’’ 

“Right,” I replied, setting her 
down on her feet. “Come on up to 
the office and tell me about it.” 

She sat in the visitor’s chair, 
trembling but not hysterical, and 
explained. 

“I was nearly killed three days 
ago. Somebody tried to club me 
down, late at night, on the street. I 
thought I’d see a private detective 
about it. You were recommended. I 
came here and your office was closed. 
I walked around the block, then 
stopped at the entrance next to that 
parked car, which I thought was 
empty. And the—hands—reached 
out for me.” 

“If you were attacked three days 
ago,” I said, “how is it you’re just 
getting around to asking for help? 
And why not the police instead of 
a private detective?” 

“I went to the police.” The girl 
shrugged. “They said I must have 
been attacked by a common thug, 
who ran when I screamed. But I 
know better. The man didn’t try to 
take my handbag. But the police 
took three days to come to their 
conclusion. After which I came 
here.” 

I nodded. “Okay. Let’s start the 
routine. Name?” 

“Harriet Warner.” 

“Circumstances ?” 

“I’m private secretary to a paper 
wholesaler. An uncle and two 
cousins of mine live in the city, but 
I live alone.” She looked around 
my office. It’s pretty well furnished 
if I do say so myself. “I’m afraid 
I can’t afford you for very long.” 

“Skip the walnut and bronze,” I 
said. “I’ll make the fee right. You’re 
an office worker, not wealthy, yet 
twice you’re almost murdered. Got 
any idea why?” 

“It might have something to do 
with the other reason why I wanted 
to see a private detective,” she said. 

“What other reason?” I snapped 
her up. 

“Another uncle of mine, living in 
the Colchester Hills section, died a 
few days ago. His will is to be read 
tomorrow evening at his country 


place. After the attack the other 
night, I thought I needed a detec¬ 
tive not only to investigate but also 
to go with me to the place as a 
guard.” 

“Well!” I said. “A will, several 
heirs. Maybe you’re to be mur¬ 
dered for your share of your uncle’s 
fortune.” 

Harriet Warner shook her head. 

“Uncle Rudolph had money, but 
I’m not to get any of it. He told 
me a short time ago that all I was 
to get was his Colchester Hills 
home. The rest goes to my Uncle 
Ralph, Rudolph’s brother, and my 
two cousins, sons of Rudolph’s dead 
sister.” 

I shrugged. “Perhaps there’s 
something of value hidden in this 
new home of yours.” 

“I don’t think there’s a buried 
treasure angle.” Harriet smiled. 
“You’ll see when you get there. It 
would be like trying to bury treas¬ 
ure in a city street. It’s solid rock 
around my uncle’s house.” 

I MADE an appointment to meet 
her next morning and drive her 
to Colchester Hills. I had things 
all docketed in my mind. We’d hear 
the will read, discover that Miss 
Warner had inherited more than she 
had expected to, and thus find a 
motive for one of the other heirs to 
murder her. With the motive in my 
possession, I could soon nail the 
killer. 

All neatly docketed in my mind. 
And all just as wrong as hell! 

She was “Harriet” and I was 
“Jim” before we got to the Colches¬ 
ter Hills nett evening. An awful 
nice kid. The more I saw of her the 
more I liked her; and the more I 
liked her the madder I got at the 
skunk who had tried to strangle 
her bare-handed. 

We got to the place at eight. Col¬ 
chester Hills is rich man’s stuff. Big 
estates. High, meshed-wire fences. 
Picturesque cliffs and waterfalls. 

The dead Rudolph Packer’s place 
was modest, though; only an acre in 
extent. The house was small, Cape 
Cod in style, of whitewashed brick. 
Whitewashed? And how! The stuff 


DEATH IN A COTTAGE 


47 


was so spotless, that it hurt your 
eyes to look at it. 

The grounds were solid humped 
stone, with barely a skin of soil 
over it. Harriet had been right 
about buried treasure. You couldn’t 
have buried a dog biscuit here with¬ 
out dynamiting. 

Three cars were in front of the 
Cape Cod cottage. Two were nice 
jobs. The third could have been 
six years younger without hurting 
anything. 

“That’s the lawyer’s car,” said 
Harriet, of the latter. “Uncle Ru¬ 
dolph didn’t have a city lawyer. He 
did business with a man named 
Cook, from the near village of Boyn¬ 
ton.” 

“Your uncle lived here alone?” 1 
asked. 

“Alone, except for Strine,” said 
Harriet. “Strine was with Uncle 
Rudolph for years. His servant. He 
cooked, cared for the house and 
grounds, everything. He’ll be broken 
up about Uncle Rudolph’s death.” 

“Did Mr. Packer commute to a 
city office?” 

“No. He was retired. He played 
the market now and then, that’s all. 
Played it shrewdly, I guess.” 

T HE door of the house opened. An 
old man with a leather face under 
white hair looked at us. 

“Good evening, Strine,” Harriet 
said and smiled. 

The old man bobbed his head. 
“This is—a friend, Strine. Mr. 
Tevin, George Strine.” 

The old boy bobbed his head again 
wordlessly. Harriet and I stepped 
through the door and into the liv¬ 
ing room. 

A dry-looking, elderly man with 
sideburns came up. 

“I’ve got something to tell you,” 
I heard old Strine say to him in a 
whisper. “I—” 

The elderly man only said, “Later, 
please,” and looked at us. 

Harriet introduced him as the 
lawyer, Bruce Cook. 

“The others are all here,” Cook 
said. “They’re out in back. I’ll 
get them.” 

Harriet and I settled ourselves 


in the living room, and in a minute 
the rest' straggled in; her Uncle 
Ralph, a middle-aged man with close- 
set dark eyes; her cousin, Arthur 
Fitch, a blond young fellow with a 
mouth like a gash in his face; her 
other cousin Corey Fitch, a taciturn 
man of thirty who stared at me with 
hostile eyes. 

I didn’t like Harriet’s relatives. It 
didn’t make me like ’em any more to 
have Arthur Fitch say: 

“Why is Mr. Tevin here? He has 
no connection with the family. A 
reading of a will is certainly a private 
thing.” 

“Is there any clause in the will 
forbidding me to bring a friend?” 
demanded Harriet spunkily. 

Cook looked over the top of his 
reading glasses, fussy but not un¬ 
kindly. 

“As far as the will is concerned, 
you may bring any one you please, 
Miss Warner.” 

With that settled, Cook droned 
over the contents of the will. Har¬ 
riet’s guess had been right. She 
got the house and grounds and all 
therein contained. The dead man’s 
brother and nephews shared about 
forty-eight thousand dollars in cash. 
Such was the essence of it. 

Cook started packing papers in 
his briefcase. Corey Fitch and 
Ralph Packer walked to the French 
windows, ignoring Harriet and me. 
Arthur Fitch went toward the back 
of the house. 

A MOMENT later his horrified 
shout came to us. 

“My God! Strine!” 

I ran through the rear door of the 
living room, through the dining 
room, with the rest at my heels. 
Arthur Fitch wasn’t shouting any 
more, but I could hear his heavy 
breathing, like sobbing, and I ran 
for that. 

I found myself in the kitchen. 
Fitch stood beside a table, staring 
down at something. Something of 
which I could see only two legs 
sprawled in grotesque angles on the 
floor. 

I jumped to the table and looked 
down at—a corpse. 


48 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


It was Strine. He lay on his face 
in a red pool. From his back stuck 
the wooden handle of a butcher 
knife. 

The blade had pierced Strine’s 
heart. He’d never known what hit 
him. 

I turned to keep Harriet back, 
but she had already seen. Her face 
was the color of death. 

She looked at me with horror in 
her eyes, then stared at the dead 
man again. 

“They did to Strine—what they 
tried to do—to me,” she whispered 
through white lips. 

I put my arm around her shoul¬ 
ders and helped her back to the liv¬ 
ing room. Then I called the Boyn¬ 
ton sheriff. 

KEPT thinking of one thing. The 
old servant’s urgent whisper to 
Lawyer Cook. “I’ve got something 
I must tell you—” 

Had Strine been killed to prevent 
his speaking to Cook? But what 
could he have had to say that led to 
murder? He hadn’t been given any¬ 
thing in the will but a home in this 
house for the rest of his life. Noth¬ 
ing there to kill him for. 

The sheriff came from Boynton. 
His name was Schule and he had a 
belly and china-blue eyes that stuck 
out. 

I didn’t think much of him. 

If I didn’t like Schule, I cared 
even less for Harriet’s relatives in 
the red light of murder! 

Ralph Packer was grey-faced with 
fear and his close-set, dark eyes 
darted everywhere at once. Corey 
Fitch’s dark face was blood-con¬ 
gested, and his eyes glittered in a 
feverish way. Arthur Fitch wan¬ 
dered around with his hands in his 
pockets and his slitlike mouth as 
hard as granite. A sadist’s mouth. 
How the hell had a girl like Harriet 
emerged from his brood? 

Schule started with me first, alone 
in the living room. 

“Did you hear the old man yell or 
anything when he was killed in the 
kitchen?” 

"No,” I said. “He wouldn’t have 
been able to yell. He was struck 


from behind and the blow killed him 
instantly.” 

“When I want opinions I’ll ask 
for ’em.” snapped Schule. “You just 
answer questions. Were you in the 
kitchen between the time you got 
here and the time Strine was found 
dead?” 

I shook my head. 

“Got proof of that?” 

“Miss Warner can tell you. I was 
in the living room with her from the 
minute I set foot in the house.” 

“She’s your only proof?” Schule 
looked as triumphant as though he’d 
discovered something. “Was Strine 
killed before you gathered in here, 
do you think? Or afterward?” 

“You told me you didn’t want 
opinions,” I reminded him. 

“I’m a duly authorized officer of 
the law!” be blustered, getting pur¬ 
ple. “You answer my questions!” 

“Okay. You want me to say 
whether Strine was killed by the 
man who found his body, Arthur 
Fitch, or not. 1 don’t know. But 
I think Strine was killed before the 
will was read, while everybody was 
out in back, except Miss Warner 
and myself. The blood had begun 
to coagulate a little when I got to 
him.” 

“Yeah, but which could have done 
it?” muttered Schule, for a minute 
not pompous. “The two Fitch broth¬ 
ers, old Cook, Ralph Packer—” He 
jerked himself up. “But don’t think 
I’m lettin’ you and Miss Warner out 
just because she’s pretty and you’re 
a private detective. Tell Miss War¬ 
ner to come in here.” 

It’s bad luck to paste a sheriff on 
the jaw, so I just went out. The 
rest were in the dining room. Some¬ 
how my flesh crawled when I saw 
them, silent and white-faced, sit¬ 
ting around the dining room table 
like so many ghosts. 

I looked at Harriet, who sat a lit¬ 
tle apart next to old Cook. Some¬ 
one in this room, it was almost cer¬ 
tain, had tried twice to kill her. The 
same person, with almost equal cer¬ 
tainty, had murdered Strine. But 
why? 

I motioned silently for her to go 
in to the sheriff. 


DEATH IN A COTTAGE 


49 


CHAPTER II 

Hidden Treasure 

IL E the sheriff 
was grilling the 
rest, I moved 
around. I had 
swung back to my 
first belief. Some¬ 
thing valuable was 
hidden around this 
place that made 
Harriet’s bequest 
the richest of the 
lot. Something 
known only to the killer, who had 
tried to murder Harriet to get it, 
and had succeeded in murdering 
Strine to keep him from giving Law¬ 
yer Cook a hint of it. That was the 
only theory that fitted in with the 
attacks on the girl, the killing of 
the servant and Strine’s urgent 
whisper: “There is something I 
must tell you.” 

Something of value hidden here, 
mentioned in the will only to the 
extent that Harriet got the house 
and grounds and “all therein con¬ 
tained.” I set out to track it down. 

The grounds, as has been said, 
were out. You can’t bury things— 
bonds, jewelry, what not—in solid 
rock. That left the house and 
garage. 

The garage was ruled out soon. 
It’s walls were solid concrete. Its 
floors, of cement, could not have 
been disturbed without leaving a 
trace; anyway, under them was the 
inevitable rock. Its ceiling was 
'rafters with shingles laid directly 
on them; and certainly no valuable 
article would be hidden in a can of 
oil or a box of tools or the dead 
man’s sedan. 

That left only the house, which 
seemed doubtful to me. 

The walls were out. I had no¬ 
ticed that the partition walls were 
of paper-thin modern construction. 
No room in them for anything, in 
the first place; in the second, any 
disturbance of them would have 
meant calling in outside labor to 
replaster or repaper, which might 
have given the hiding place away. 


The outer walls were of brick, two 
bricks thick. Solid. You couldn’t 
hide anything there, either, I de¬ 
cided. Attic was too obvious. Floors— 

Old Rudolph Packer, in building 
the place, had gone in for antiquity. 
Ceilings were beamed, with bare 
wood of the floor above showing be¬ 
tween the beams. No space there to 
store things secretly. And there 
was no basement; the house rested 
on solid rock. 

That left the furniture, consider¬ 
ing which was slightly a melodra¬ 
matic idea, or the trick of hiding 
something right under your eyes. 

I walked toward the house, white 
as snow in the moonlight with its 
immaculate coat of whitewash. 1 
saw Harriet coming out of the side 
door. She looked around and I 
waved. She came toward me. 

“I couldn’t stay in there any 
more,” she said, in a low voice. “I’m 
afraid.” 

I nodded. That was certainly un¬ 
derstandable, in view of the proba¬ 
bility that a murderer was under 
that roof. Of course the rest were 
safe, now, with the sheriff right in 
the house; but nevertheless Harriet 
couldn’t be blamed for wanting to 
get away. 

We walked slowly around the 
house toward the front driveway. I 
kept looking around. If there had 
been any lawn ornaments I would 
have investigated them. But there 
were none. I’ve never seen a place 
so bare of possibilities for hiding 
things! Harriet would have to pull 
the furniture apart, I thought, if 
this idea of hidden valuables per¬ 
sisted enough to make the effort 
worth while. I had to admit that I 
was losing my own conviction 
again. 

“How long will we be here. Jim?” 
she asked me wistfully. 

“I don’t know,” I said. “You 
should be able to leave pretty soon 
now. Me too, I think. The others 
—well, it depends on the sheriff’s 
ideas.” And I added, but only to 
mysdf, “If it was me, I’d hold the 
two Fitches and your uncle and 
give them plenty grilling.” 




50 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


We stood looking at the road, fifty 
yards or so from the drive. Cars 
hummed past. Now and then a local 
driver, recognizing the sheriff’s car 
at the door, would pause a little. 
But for the most part they sped 
past, serenely unaware that a mur¬ 
dered man lay in the snow-white 
Cape Cod cottage. It gave me a 
kind of funny feeling. 

Harriet gripped my arms sud¬ 
denly. “What was that?” 

I hadn’t heard anything. 

“A sound from behind us,” she in¬ 
sisted. “Around the side of the 
house.” 

We walked back to the corner of 
the house and around. And the mo¬ 
ment we rounded the corner, we saw 
the long dark blotch on the ground 
next to the white wall. And Har¬ 
riet screamed, while I grabbed her 
elbows and turned her around. 

“Into the house! Get the sher¬ 
iff.” 

I went to the long blotch—and 
looked down into the dead face of 
Arthur Fitch. A face that was un¬ 
touched, though the bony structure 
of the head behind it was a shat¬ 
tered mass. A mechanic’s heavy 
hammer, reddened and gleaming in 
the moonlight lay near the pulped 
head. 

T HE rest safe now, with the sher¬ 
iff in the house? I echoed my 
thought of a moment ago with a 
cold chill touching my bones. I’d 
bumped up against a lot of vio¬ 
lence in my life. But I’d never seen 
anything to match the ruthlessness, 
the icy recklessness, of this killer 
now T among us. 

I ran, on blind impulse, to the 
nearest door and into the house 
after Harriet. I didn’t want her out 
of my sight! Not any more! 

Two men dead within a space of 
an hour and a half! One of them 
murdered while a law officer was 
conducting an investigation under 
the same roof! 

But the sheriff wasn’t having any 
of my guardianship over the girl. 
With two deputies, hastily called 
from the village, to watch the din¬ 
ing room in which every one sat, 


he beckoned me out to the second 
dead man. I went, leaving Corey 
Fitch looking numbed by the shock 
of his brother’s death, Lawyer Cook 
badly unstrung and fussing with one 
of the deputies who refused stolidly 
to let him get into his briefcase, 
and Ralph Packer a palsied mass of 
fear. 

I have never seen a man so 
frightened as Packer. But it was 
not the double fear you’d expect. 
The fact that he was logically a 
murder suspect didn’t seem to oc¬ 
cur to him. It was fear of death 
from the as yet undetected murderer 
that seemed to hold him most ab¬ 
jectly. 

Looking around outside with 
Schule, I catalogued the findings. It 
was pretty easy, because they were 
so few. 

Arthur Fitch had been killed 
from behind with the hammer taken 
from a tool box in the garage. A 
man could have done it all in three 
minutes by running from house to 
garage, getting the weapon, and 
running back to where Fitch stood 
smoking in the moonlight, and re¬ 
turning swiftly to the house again. 
Harriet and I had been in front, so 
we were out of the way. 

Why had Fitch been outside? 
Well, a half smoked cigarette put 
out by the damp grass near him 
told that. He had been out taking 
a cigarette, getting relief from the 
tenseness inside the house. 

And the killer had seen him and 
seized the chance to get rid of him? 
Why? Well, why had Strine been 
killed and Harriet attacked? It all 
seemed to make increasingly less 
sense as it got more complicated. 

Schule had shed his pomposity by 
now. This second killing, done 
■while he’d been within ten yards, 
was going to look like the devil for 
him. He flashed his light feverishly 
and pointlessly around. 

“I was talking to Mr. Packer,” he 
said, over and over again. “I said 
to him to get Arthur Fitch in again. 
I told him to hunt Fitch up because 
it seemed to me, before, that Fitch 
had something he wanted to say and 
that he wasn’t quite sure enough 


DEATH IN A COTTAGE 


51 


about it to put it into words. Some¬ 
thing on his mind. So I wanted to 
talk to him again. And then the 
girl comes running in saying there’s 
a dead man out on the lawn, and it’s 
this guy, Fitch! Damn it, I’m sure 
he had something to say, only be¬ 
fore he wasn’t positive enough. You 
wouldn’t talk against a brother or 
uncle, for instance, unless you knew 
what you were talking about.” 

“You sent Ralph Packer after 
him?” I repeated. 

“Yeah. And uncles have killed 
nephews before. I think I’ll arrest 
Packer.” He looked pathetically re¬ 
lieved. “Yeah, that’s the stuff. It 
must have been Packer. He went 
after Fitch on my orders, found him 
alone, and killed him.” 

“Why?” 

“Eh?” 

“I said, why? What reason would 
he have for murdering his sister’s 
son?” 

“How would I know? But that’s 
what must have happened.” 

“Where was Corey Fitch?” 

Schule gnawed his lip again. “I 
don’t know. He wasn’t in the din¬ 
ing room. Mr. Cook can testify to 
that. So both the uncle and the 
brother of this guy were on the 
loose. Either one might have done 
it.” 

“Or Cook, or Miss Warner, or 
me,” I said. 

His eyes came back to mine with 
plenty of suspicion in them. 

“I’m not forgettin’ you and the 
girl were out on the lawn!” 

“Keep on remembering it and see 
what it gets you,” I told him. “I’d 
have a lot of reasons for killing guys 
I never even saw before.” 

“Miss Warner would have a rea¬ 
son. She splits this guy’s share of 
Packer’s money, now.” 

I bit my tongue over that one. It 
was so evident—and so unexpected. 
Harriet had a motive for murder, in 
the eyes of the law. 

I answered a possible law court 
as well as Schule, when I said: 
“Nuts! I was with her when both 
men died. I saw her being at¬ 
tacked herself. If you don’t want 
to take my word for it, just re¬ 


member how much strength it takes 
to stick a knife into meat. Miss 
Warner wouldn’t have the strength 
to drive a dull kitchen knife into 
a man’s heart from behind.” 

“You would,” said Schule. 

And on that friendly note we 
went in to the house again, and 
Schule again began chasing in cir¬ 
cles to get his man. Meanwhile, I 
stuck close and tried to nail the 
killer on my own hook. But I got 
no farther than Schule did. 

Ralph Packer, sweating so that 
perspiration stains showed clear 
through his blue serge suit, said he 
had been in the bedroom, still 
searching for Arthur Fitch, till just 
before Fitch was killed. Corey 
Fitch claimed he had been in the 
bathroom. Cook had been in the 
dining room. Amazingly, when 
you remember a sheriff’s presence 
right in the house, any one of them 
could have. made murderous oppor¬ 
tunity out of the fact that Arthur 
Fitch had nervously decided to 
smoke a cigarette in the moonlight. 

S CHULE grilled us all again, one 
by one. He asked some good 
questions at that, I noted with pro¬ 
fessional interest. But he didn’t 
get anywhere, so he started a sec¬ 
ond time. 

We were again in the dining room 
—Cook and Packer and Corey Fitch 
and Harriet and I. Schule’s voice 
came to us from the living room. 
“Mr. Cook.” 

Cook got up, moistening his lips, 
averting his eyes from the door lead¬ 
ing into the kitchen. There were 
two dead men lying in the kitchen 
now. One of the deputies opened 
the dining room door for the law¬ 
yer, and he walked through the 
tiny hall into the living room. 

And then, just before the deputy 
had the door closed again, I saw 
Cook stop next to the outside liv¬ 
ing room door and stare into the 
night. His mouth went slack. His 
hands went up to pluck at his trem¬ 
bling lips. And he yelled hoarsely. 

It was a high, brittle cry, almosl 
like a woman’s scream. He pointec 
through the screened doorway. 


52 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


“Sheriff! Out there! Oh, my 
God!” 

The deputy wasn’t interested in 
closing the dining room door any 
more. He threw it wide open and 
leaped toward Cook. Schule got 
there first. His hand gripped Cook’s 
shoulder. 

“What is it? What do you see 
out there?” 

Cook fought for words. When 
they did come they were like icy 
whips. 

“A figure—out there—in the 

moonlight! I saw it! It looked like 

Strine!” 

CHAPTER III 

In the Dark 

ARRIET’S gasp 
was like a sob. A 
sort of moan came 
from Ralph Packer’s 
lips. Then I was 
out of the dining 
room on the heels 
of the other deputy 
and Corey Fitch. 
They started for 
the grounds. I didn’t. 
I went for the 
kitchen, where Strine lay. 

I got the door open, had one 
glimpse of two sprawled bodies on 
the floor, and then the lights went 
out. All of them. Every light in the 
place. 

I heard Cook’s fear-packed scream 
sound out again, from the front of 
the house. And, an instant after 
that, a sound that drew a hoarse 
shout in echo from my own lips. 
Harriet Warner’s shriek, which died 
in horrible fashion into a choking 
moan which was succeeded by com¬ 
plete silence. 

I lunged from the kitchen, hit¬ 
ting the partly opened door in the 
pitch darkness. I got to the dining 
room door, and it was locked against 
me. Through it I could hear a ter¬ 
rible scraping of high heels on hard¬ 
wood floor. 

The sound drove me crazy for a 
minute. I banged my shoulder 
against the door, backed off, tried 
jt again. Running steps sounded 


outside, and the kitchen door to the 
back yard burst open. 

I saw four dark shapes outlined 
against the moonlight, heard 
Schule’s voice. 

“My God, What’s happened now? 
Strine—” 

A voice I thought was Corey 
Fitch’s cut the sheriff’s words off. 

“Strine’s here, where he was be¬ 
fore. Anyway, there’s two bodies.” 

These things I heard with half my 
mind. The rest was in that locked 
dining room, with the girl whose 
heels were rasping so desperately 
and convulsively on the floor. I 
caught up a kitchen chair and 
smashed it to kindling against the 
door. 

And the door only quivered a 
little. 

I turned, thrusting a couple of 
shadowy figures out of my way, ran 
out the back door and around to the 
dining room window. I smashed the 
glass and climbed in. As the glass 
crashed, I thought I heard a sound 
across the room from the window, 
but wasn’t sure. 

In the room’s dimness I saw Har¬ 
riet lying near the table. I jumped 
to her side, bent down. I couldn’t 
feel a pulse. Her face was ghastly 
in its pallor. Even in the dim light 
I could see how her throat was 
swelled and discolored. 

I got her hands, saying some¬ 
thing or other to her all the time. 
Things I hadn’t a right to say, so 
soon. But they came out anyway. I 
began working her arms back and 
forth in artificial respiration. 

I heard somebody yell in the liv¬ 
ing room, and then, after quite a 
little while, the lights went on. All 
of which meant little to me. The 
important fact was that Harriet was 
beginning to breathe again, and in 
a little while she opened her eyes. 

“Jim,” she whispered. 

“Don’t talk,” I said, chafing her 
wrists and making her head as com¬ 
fortable as possible on my knee. 

“Lights went out — somebody 
grabbed me. Almost got me—this 
time—Jim.” 

I kept on chafing her wrists. Al¬ 
most got her? Hell, she had been 





DEATH IN A COTTAGE 


53 


actually and literally dead. Only 
artificial breathing had snapped her 
out of it again. I carried her to 
the bedroom. 

“I’m not leaving you again if the 
house burns down around our 
ears!” I told her grimly. 

She smiled at me, and rubbed her 
throat. 

“Yes, you are,” she said, words 
coming painfully. “I’ll lock this 
window so no one can get in with¬ 
out breaking the glass, and lock the 
door. And I’ll sit up in bed, out of 
line of the window, with your gun 
in my hands. You’ve got to help' 
the sheriff get this killer, Jim.” 

Well, she was right, though I 
hated to agree with her. And finally 
I went out, hearing the key scrape 
in the lock as she closed the door 
after me. 

I went to the kitchen first. Old 
Strine lay on the floor as he had 
before. There was the knife handle 
protruding from his back, with the 
slowly coagulating blood all around 
it. Dead as yesterday’s mackerel. 
The knife handle sticking up proved 
that. 

I went to the living room. Why 
the hell had Cook said he’d seen 
Strine in the moonlight when that 
was utterly impossible? 

In the living room I got the next 
shock out of a night of crazy sur¬ 
prises. 

Old Cook lay on a divan with 
Schule and a deputy and Corey 
Fitch all bending over him. The 
lawyer’s forehead was laid open and 
blood ran down his cheek, smearing 
in his sparse sideburns. 

“We found him in the living room 
doorway, like this,” Schule said to 
me. The sheriff was completely 
lost now. 

“What happened?” I asked Cook. 

“I don’t know.” His voice trem¬ 
bled. “I saw—that horrible figure 
in the moonlight. Then the others 
ran past me, out the door onto the 
grounds. I didn’t see it any more, 
but I heard a step behind me. And 
then something hit me on the head 
and I was through.” 

“How’d the lights go out?” I 
asked Schule, 


He had an answer for that, if he 
didn't for anything else. He held 
up a pin. It was discolored, and 
some of the point had melted off. 
It had been thrust into an electric 
cable, causing a short circuit. 

“We found this in the dining 
room,” Schule said. 

I blinked at that. In the dining 
room! I remembered the proces¬ 
sion that had crowded out after 
Cook’s yell. The two deputies, 
Corey Fitch and myself. Leaving 
two people in the dining room. Har¬ 
riet and Ralph Packer. 

P ACKER was in the living room 
with the rest of us. He sat in a 
chair not far from the divan. I 
stared at him suddenly, and caught 
his close-set eyes just sliding from 
my face. Sweat stood out on his 
forehead. 

“A minute ago,” I said slowly, 
“all of us ran out of the dining 
room except you and Miss Warner. 
Shortly afterward s'omebody came 
within a hair of killing her.” 

Packer said nothing. His heavy 
breathing sounded out. 

“You must have been in there 
when she was attacked,” I said. 

“No! No!” His voice was thick. 
“I wasn’t. It looks bad for me, but 
I wasn’t. I went out just after the 
rest of you did, leaving Harriet 
aldne. My own niece—surely you 
don’t think—” 

“You could have come back in 
again,” I said, “after you’d blown 
the light fuse with that pin.” 

“I didn’t! I was in the living 
room!” 

“Then,” I snapped him up, “you 
must have seen the attack on Mr. 
Cook.” 

Packer shivered. He wiped at his 
forehead, but new drops of perspira¬ 
tion came out at once. 

“I—I couldn’t see a thing—except 
Cook. I saw him standing there in 
the doorway, and then I heard him 
scream and saw him fall. It was as 
if he had been struck by something 
invisible. By a ghost!” 

“You couldn’t have been the one 
that hit him, by any chance?” I 
said. 


54 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


“I swear I didn’t!” 

Schule joined in. “You were the 
one I sent to find Arthur Fitch, just 
before he was killed. You were out 
in back at about the time Strine 
was killed. You could have knocked 
Mr. Cook out after you’d blown the 
lights, and then could have gone 
back into the dining room after Miss 
Warner.” 

“No! No!” 

I turned from Packer to the old 
lawyer, lying on the divan. 

“What in the world made you 
think you saw a dead man—George 
Strine—moving out on the lawn?” 

He shook his head weakly. “I 
don’t know. Maybe I’d been think¬ 
ing of Strine. When I saw a moving 
figure out there, I may have fitted 
Strine’s face to it because he was in 
my mind. And yet, I don’t think 
that’s the explanation! I saw the 
face so clearly! I even seemed to 
see a—a knife handle sticking out 
of the man’s back!” 

“It couldn’t have been me he 
saw,” Packer cut in swiftly. “I was 
in the dining room, with you, at 
that minute. You know that your¬ 
self.” 

S CHULE wiped his forehead, which 
was almost as moist as Packer’s. 
“Maybe Strine wasn’t dead after 
all,” he muttered. “We didn’t feel 
for his pulse to find out. We took 
it for granted he was dead because 
of the knife. He might have had 
strength enough left to regain con¬ 
sciousness, crawl out to Hie lawn,- 
and then get back to the kitchen 
again.” 

“Leaving no blood spots in his 
trail, and not trying to call out for 
help,” I snapped. “No, that’s out. 
It’s impossible.” 

“All right, Mr. Cook didn’t see 
Strine. I guess that is kinda im¬ 
possible. But he did see somebody. 
That means an outsider did all this. 
Somebody hiding on the grounds 
killed Strine and Arthur Fitch. And 
they’re probably miles away now.” 

But Cook objected. He shook his 
head, winced at the pain the move 
caused 

"I don’t think so, Sheriff,” he 


said. “There was something fa¬ 
miliar about the figure. I’ll agree 
that the notion that it was Strine I 
saw, is insane. But there was still 
something familiar about it, in my 
opinion. Though that’s only an 
opinion.” 

Schule sighed. “Only one thing 
to be done. I’ll have to take every¬ 
body in till morning. The coroner 
might have some light to throw, 
then—” 

He stopped abruptly. “Where’s 
Corey Fitch?” he snapped. 

We all looked around. There were 
the two deputies, Schule, Packer, 
Cook and myself in the room. 

“He was here a second ago,” said 
one of the deputies. “He was sitting 
near the door.” 

“How’d he get out with no one 
seeing him?” snapped Schule. 

That question answered itself. We 
had all been hanging on the words 
first of Packer, and then of Cook. 
By moving softly, Corey Fitch could 
have got from chair to door un¬ 
noticed. 

The question in my mind was, 
why had he moved so stealthily. 
And on the heels of that question 
came a lightning burst of fear. Fear 
for Harriet! 

I jumped to my feet and tore 
from the room. The room in which 
Harriet lay was at the end of the 
short hall. I pounded on the door, 
almost yelled with relief when I 
heard her voice come in alarm: 
“Who is it?” 

“Me—Jim,” I said. “I wanted to 
be sure you were all right.” 

I heard Schule’s voice, then. 

“You, Fitch! What the hell are 
you doing out here?” 

The voice came from the kitchen. 
I went there. Corey Fitch, white¬ 
faced, was staring at Schule and 
the deputies. He was standing be¬ 
side Strine’s body, and there was a 
little blood on his hands. 

“What are you doing here?” 

Fitch stared at Schule and then 
at me. 

“With all the talk about seeing 
Strine, I came out to see if he was 
really dead. I had a crazy notion 
that maybe he was just pretending 


DEATH IN A COTTAGE 


55 


to be dead, with a fake knife handle 
glued to his back and blood from a 
butcher shop or something spilled 
on the floor to make it look con¬ 
vincing.” 

Schule’s snort was an indictment. 

“Yeah? That’s a swell explana¬ 
tion.” 

“It’s the truth! Mr. Cook seemed 
so positive he saw Strine—” 

“Why did you sneak out here 
without saying anything?” 

“The idea was sort of crazy,” 
Fitch said stubbornly. “I thought 
you’d laugh at me if I suggested it. 
So I slipped out by myself to make 
sure he was dead.” 

“How’d you get that blood on 
your hands?” 

“I took hold of the knife handle 
to see if it was really attached to a 
knife blade.” Fitch’s face got paler 
yet. “It is! Strine is dead, all 
right!” 

“You took hold of the knife han¬ 
dle?” Schule grated. “What a swell 
excuse for finding your prints on 
that handle! You didn’t have time 
to wipe ’em off the handle after you 
killed Strine, so you tried an alibi!” 

“Damn you—” Fitch began. 

And then the last act of the swift 
drama hit us, as we confronted 
Fitch in the kitchen. 

“Oh, my God!” came a shout from 
the living room. “Packer! Help!” 

CHAPTER IV 

Dead Men Dance 

1GHTING to get 
through an all too 
narrow doorway, 
once more that night 
we ran from a room 
on each other’s heels. 
We got to the living 
room. I was first, 
with Schule close 
enough behind to see 
over my shoulder as 
we reached the living 

room doorway. 

Cook and Packer were swaying 
in a deadly struggle in the center 
of the room. A chair was knocked 
over nearby. The chair Packer had 
been sitting in when we left. 


Cook had his arms desperately 
around Packer’s body. The arms 
were striving to pinion Packer’s 
arms to his sides while with his 
right hand Cook held the wrist of 
the heavier man in a tense grip. 

The briefest possible glimpse we 
had of the two swaying figures. 
Then, as we crossed the threshold 
the two men fell. They fell with 
Packer on his back, and Cook on 
top. Packer’s arm continued to be 
bent at a grotesque angle behind 
him. And he did not move. 

Cook crawled off, looking white 
and sick. There was blood on his 
right hand, which he drew from 
under Packer’s body. 

“My God,” he whispered. 

He turned the body over a little. 
We saw the handle of a paper knife 
sticking out of Packer’s back. Cook 
moaned. - 

“I’ve killed him!” 

The lawyer picked at loose lips 
with trembling fingers. He cowered 
back from us. 

“I didn’t mean to do it! He came 
at me with a knife. I twisted his 
arm behind him. He was getting 
the best of me when I tripped him. 
He fell on the knife he held in his 
own hand! It wasn’t me!” 

Schule touched his shoulder. 

“You’re all right,” he said gruffly. 
“You’ve got plenty of witnesses that 
it was self defense, and that you 
didn’t have the knife in your hand. 
It was self defense.” 

“Yes,” babbled Cook. “Self de¬ 
fense! An accident! You saw—” 

I said nothing. I looked at Bruce 
Cook’s left coat sleeve. On the 
sleeve there was a faint smear of 
white. And the white smear was 
telling me all I had wanted to know. 
Piece by piece, the whole thing was 
fitting into shape now. 

Schule glared down at Ralph 
Packer. 

“Got no more than he deserved. 
Killed two people. You’re damned 
lucky he didn’t get you, too, Mr. 
Cook. Anyhow, the case is washed 
up. The murderer’s dead, which’ll 
save the State the cost of putting 
him in the chair.” 

“No,” I said, looking at the -streak 






66 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


on Cook’s sleeve. Whitewash, it 
was. “The murderer isn’t dead. 
He’s standing here now, jittering 
around about self defense.” 

“W'hat are you talking about?” 
panted Cook, apparently recovering 
strength slowly from the battle for 
his life. 

“You’re screwy,” snapped Sehule. 
“We all saw how Packer was trying 
to stab Cook.” 

“Yeah?” I said. “For how long? 
For about a fifth of a second. Then 
Cook ‘tripped’ Packer and Packer 
fell back on his own knife. Oblig¬ 
ing guy, Packer!” 

Cook was staring at me with as¬ 
tonishment and a sort of patient in¬ 
jury in his eyes. 

“I don’t quite understand, Mr. 
Tevin,” he said. “I was attacked 
by the man as though he had sud¬ 
denly gone mad. I managed to beat 
him off, and we fell and he was 
killed by the very weapon he had 
meant to use on me.” 

“Interesting,” I said. “But that 
doesn’t explain the streak of white¬ 
wash on your sleeve.” 

H E LOOKED at his sleeve, with 
nothing but bewilderment in his 
face. Then stared questioningly at 
me again. It was damned well done. 

“You were outside this room while 
the rest of us were in the kitchen,” 
I charged him. “You brushed against 
one of these freshly whitewashed 
walls, outside.” 

“Your attitude is insulting and 
unwarranted, sir. I may have had 
this streak of white on my sleeve 
since I first arrived here.” 

“You may have,” I cut him off, 
“but you didn’t. It wasn’t on there 
five minutes ago. Which means you 
went out within the last few min¬ 
utes. Was it before you killed 
Packer, or afterward?” 

“But my dear sir, you saw Packer 
killed—accidentally—a few seconds 
ago.” 

“We saw you dancing around with 
him. But we didn’t see Packer 
killed,” I shot out. “I thought there 
was something funny about the way 
his knees were buckling. Packer 
teas dead before he fell! You’d have 


had to kill him before you went out 
of the house or he’d have asked 
questions or raised an outcry. You 
put on an act with a dead man, 
Cook.” 

Cook turned to Sehule. “Sheriff, 
is this man authorized to attack me 
in this absurd way?” 

“No, he ain’t,” Sehule growled. 
He switched his eyes to me. “Back 
out of this.” 

“Shut up,” I told him. I returned 
to Cook. “There is something of 
value hidden around this property 
now belonging to Harriet Warner! 
As Rudolph Packer’s lawyer you 
knew of it. You tried to kill Miss 
Warner so the house would be un¬ 
tenanted and you could steal it. She 
was lucky enough to escape your 
first attack down in the city. I 
stopped the second. 

“We all came up here tonight. 
The first thing you were greeted 
with was an indication that old 
Strine knew the secret too, though 
he didn’t know you were in on it. 
You killed Strine to shut him up. 
Arthur Fitch, you discovered, saw 
something to make him a little sus¬ 
picious. Probably he saw you either 
enter or leave the kitchen just be¬ 
fore the will was read. Sheriff 
Sehule was going to question him a 
second time, because the first time 
Arthur Fitch had acted as if ‘he had 
something on his mind.’ You spiked 
that by racing to the garage when 
you saw him walk out onto the 
lawn, and getting a hammer with 
which you later killed him.” 

Cook was shaking his head, al¬ 
most pityingly. 

“And the pin that caused the 
short circuit?” he murmured. “That 
was found in the dining room. At 
the time it was dropping, I was 
lying in here unconscious.” 

“That’s what you say. Actually, 
you weren’t at all. You caused the 
short while you stood in the living 
room after the rest had run past 
you and out the door. Packer came 
out then and you put on an act for 
him, pretended to be attacked, and 
dropped—after carefully gashing 
your own head. Packer couldn’t see 
you at the floor level in the dark, 


DEATH IN A COTTAGE 


57 


and didn’t see you crawl to the dark 
dining room, lock it from the inside 
and then attack Miss Warner once 
more after dropping the fused pin 
as a plant.” 

S CHULE was staring at'Cook a lit¬ 
tle more uncertainly, now, and a 
little less angrily at me. 

“You made up the silly yarn 
about seeing Strine in the yard to 
distract our attention so you could 
have one more chance to kill the 
inheritor of this house,” I told 
the lawyer. “At the moment it 
seemed like a good idea. Later you 
began to realize that it might draw 
suspicion to you. So you planned 
a goat. You killed Packer while his 
back was turned. You ran out into 
the night, ran back in again, and 
put on the cockeyed act we caught a 
glimpse of as we ran here in answer 
to your yell.” 

“And why would I go outside the 
house at such a tense moment?” 
demanded Cook, with a sneer. 

“Because of the thing of value 
hidden here which has been youi* 
motive from the first,” I shot back. 
“Obviously this thing is somehow 
a part of the outside house wall, 
which explains the immaculate 
whitewash, put on carefully to cover 
the object. Now, it seems to me 
your anxiety to rush things, which 
led you to the terrific risk of doing 
murder while a law officer was right 
in the house, can only mean that 
this valuable thing is in danger of 
becoming visible. Maybe the white¬ 
wash is coming off from over it. I 
don’t know. Yes, that’s probably it. 
And you ran out after killing Packer 
to try to cover it up so you could 
have at least a few days more in 
which to get Miss Warner out of 
the way and steal it.” 

Cook sighed. “I should be very 
angry, young man. But I’m not, be¬ 
cause fortunately you can’t harass 
me with your insane theories. You 
all saw me fighting for my life with 
a man who attacked me for no 
reason, the man who is the real 
murderer. Schule at least will tes¬ 
tify to that extent. So I think you 
are to be disregarded, Mr. Tevin.” 


Schule looked at the lawyer and 
then at me. 

“Got any way to prove what 
you’re spouting about?" he chal¬ 
lenged me. 

I grinned a little at that. I’d been 
angling for the question. 

“The whole case,” I said, “rests 
on the fact that there’s something 
around this place Which Miss War¬ 
ner has inherited, that is worth a 
lot of money, and that Cook alone 
knows of it and has killed to get it. 
Right?” 

“Yeah, or you’re crazy,” Schule 
grunted. 

“Okay. Now, if we can go out¬ 
side, find the part of the wall where 
Cook picked up that smear of white¬ 
wash, and discover something of 
value there, it would hang him, 
wouldn’t it?” 

“It’s an idea,” said Schule, strid¬ 
ing for the door. 

“Wait!” Cook cracked out. Schule 
and I turned. He had looked con¬ 
temptuous before. Now he looked 
damned mad. His eyes were hard 
glitters in his face. The veins in his 
forehead stood out. 

“I demand my rights, Sheriff. It 
may be remotely possible that thi 3 
man has chanced to guess an amaz¬ 
ing truth, that there is something 
valuable concealed here. But if that 
is so, it would prove not one thing!” 

“The hell it wouldn’t,” said 
Schule. “Come on, Tevin.” 

We got to the door. Cook came 
after us. He moved fast for a man 
who had been hit in the head a lit¬ 
tle while before. 

“I tell you, Sheriff—” 

Schule ignored him. We moved 
down the wall. To the left; to the 
right. Cook came with us, talking, 
clutching first at Schule’s arm and 
then at mine. Long before we came 
to the end of the search, Schule had 
glanced meaningly at the two dep¬ 
uties, who closed in behind the law¬ 
yer. 

And to the right, near the cor¬ 
ner of the house, we saw a dis¬ 
coloration in the gleaming white¬ 
wash. It was a little patch of dried 
mud no larger than a silver dollar; 

I reached to scratch at the mud. 


58 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


And Cook cracked. A scream like 
that of an animal came from his 
lips. He lunged toward the two 
deputies, then stopped. 

I saw his face congest with the 
dreadful apoplexy of a stroke, and 
he fell— 

Later that night we got back to 
the mud patch. We scraped it away, 
and some of the whitewash around 
it. 

The Cape Cod cottage was con¬ 
structed of brick. But right here 
was a slab of gold as thick as a 
brick and ten bricks in area! When 
the gold moratorium had gone into 
effect, Rudolph Packer had secretly 
bought some and cast it into this 
ponderous slab. He had put it there 
in the wall, which every one passing 
could see, but had ruled bricklines 
in it and had washed it over with 
whitewash with which he kept the 
cottage meticulously covered from 
then on. The only man besides 
Strine to know of it was Cook, who 
had been instructed to inform Har¬ 
riet of its presence when, in future 
years, it was once more legal to 
own gold. 

Cook had planned to kill Harriet 
so he could loot the gold from an 
uninhabited house. The sheer weight 
of the slab made it impossible for 
him to cart it off alone during a 


normal short absence of hers or of 
Strine’s. 

When he had come in that night 
he had been horrified to see that a 
bit of whitewash had flaked off the 
glittering slab. And at the end of 
his murder spree he had rushed out 
to rub a skim of mud over the metal, 
getting the whitewash that damned 
him on his sleeve. 

Harriet wanted to give me a 
tenth of the slab for my fee. 

“Nothing doing,” I said. “Why 
should I take a tenth when I’ve got 
a shot at the whole thing?” 

“You think you have a chance at 
it?” she murmured. 

“Why not?” I said. “You’re pretty 
well fixed now. You need a detec¬ 
tive in the family to watch over 
your interests, and keep you from 
being lonely out in this nice cot¬ 
tage.” 

She looked at me for a full min¬ 
ute. Swell eyes! 

“It would serve you right if I 
took you seriously,” she said, at 
last. 

We were under the moon. I took 
her hand. 

“Go on,” I said, a little thickly, 
“serve me right.” 

I guess my voice told her how 
far I was from kidding. 

Anyway—she did! 


Next Month 

A New DR. FEATHER Story 
By Ray Cummings 

—and Many Other Crime andrMystery Thrillers 



OVER 200 MILLION TOOTSIE ROLLS SOLD LAST YEAR 









HEAVENLY 
WEED 


His rifle spoke again and ripped off a splinter from, the cross arm 


Davis, Once a Ball Player, Makes a Headline Play 
When a Drug Combine Tries a Home Run!, 


By WESTMORELAND GRAY 

Author of "Border Patrol,” “Murder Gain,” etc. 


T HE girl had been crying. 
There were no streaks on 
her face, for she had done a 
good job with her powderpuff. But 
her eyes were red; they were good 
eyes, too—wide and frank and deep 
blue. 

Her ankles were slim, and that’s a 
criterion with me. Faces run pretty 
much alike nowadays, what with 
facials and mudpacks and electric 
vibrators, but I never saw ankles 
like hers on anything but thorough¬ 
breds. 


Speck Chandler talked to her, his 
homely freckled face as kindly as the 
face of a bulldog can be. She was 
pulling at the finger-tips of her 
gloves, but she looked straight at us. 
It was up in our office in the Federal 
Building, which has on the frosted 
glass of the door: 

Narcotic Squad 

Agent in Charge, David T. Chandler 

“My name is Julia Proctor,” the 
girl said. “I live in Fenway, a hun- 


59 










60 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


dred miles south of here. It’s—it’s 
about my brother—my kid brother. 
He’s just seventeen. I’m working in 
Fenway to send him to high school. 
We—we’re orphans. Jimmy has been 
a brilliant student. Worked too hard 
I think. Then he got to where he’d 
come home in a hilarious mood. He’d 
laugh and sing—and say that the 
most ordinary things—like electric 
lights—were the most beautiful things 
in the world. And then it would only 
be a little while before he’d be sunk 
in the depths of despair—actually 
groveling in despondency.” 

She shuddered. “His grades fell 
off at school. He looked haggard, 
and kept wanting more money. It 
frightened me. I caught him smok¬ 
ing cigarettes—a brand I’d never 
heard of. So I watched him one day 
when school turned out. There was 
a swarthy man parked in a coupe 
about a block from school. Several 
boys went to his car, he slipped 
them something and they gave him 
money.” 

The girl's honest gaze was direct. 
"I—I don’t want Jimmy to get into 
any trouble. But—but I want to 
break up this awful thing, whatever 
it is. I took this out of Jimmy’s 
clothes.” 

S HE handed Speck a crumpled 
pack with a few cigarettes in 
it. It was labeled “Smokeys.” Speck 
broke open one of the fags, riffled 
its contents in his palm, sniffed it; 
then handed the whole business to 
me. He took the girl’s arm, steered 
her to the door. 

“Will you wait in the lobby, Miss 
Proctor?” he said. 

I left the office by a rear door. We 
have enough of a lab back there to 
lift and read fingerprints and enough 
of a file to check against the main 
ones. It all didn’t take over three or 
four minutes. 

A steely glint was in Speck’s eyes 
when I returned to the office. 
“Heavenly weed,” I cracked. 

“With its roots in hell,” Speck 
finished. And neither of us smiled 
when we said it. Marijuana is no 
smiling matter. 


“Four sets of prints on the pack,” 
I said. “Probably the girl’s, yours 
and the kid brother’s. The other set 
is Honey Savoni’s.” 

“That means Nick Dariant,” Speck 
said. “Honey has always been a 
Dariant man—peddling everywhere, 
but working specially among high 
school kids—building up hellish busi¬ 
ness for the future.” Speck’s face 
was more like a bulldog’s right then 
than ever. 

The image of Nick Dariant was in 
my mind. Nick Dariant, the man we 
wanted; the Number One man on the 
division’s list. A man with the figure 
of a marathon runner, the classic 
face of a screen lover—and a soul as 
black as the pit of hell. 

He had taken a powder in Chicago 
when narcotic agents had closed in 
on his gang and hideout. He had 
done the same in Saint Louis. Ditto 
Los Angeles. A most slippery cus¬ 
tomer, Mr. Dariant. In those other 
places it had been hasheesh and 
bhang. Down here it was marijuana, 
probably the most insidious and hell¬ 
ish of them all. Wherever he oper¬ 
ated, Nick Dariant had cleaned up a 
wad and left a few thousand wrecked 
lives behind him. 

We’d had other evidence that Dari¬ 
ant was at work in our vicinity. Here 
in the city we had picked up and 
convicted half a dozen addicts and 
small time peddlers we knew were 
Dariant men—or women. We had 
nailed down the town pretty tight. 
That was why Dariant men were 
working in the smaller places, like 
Fenway. But' we hadn’t been able to 
learn where Dariant was, or how he 
was getting the stuff. We knew that 
he wasn’t fooling around with win¬ 
dow-boxes and back-yard gardens. 
He never operated on a two-bit 
scale. 

“This is the best lead we’ve had, 
Dinkey Davis,” Speck said. They call 
me Dinkey, maybe because I’m sort 
of short and squat, which had come 
in handy, because before I came into 
the division I was a flashy shortstop 
on a Class D baseball team with an 
ex-marine sergeant for a captain. He 


HEAVENLY WEED 


61 


gave me the name—and it had stuck 
ever since. 

“I told Miss Proctor an agent 
would go to Fenway with her,” 
Speck went on. “We may learn some¬ 
thing from her brother. And besides, 
the girl may need protection; Dari- 
ant’s hoods might be watching her. 
Dariant always works a big crew, 
and he’s still got some of his old 
gang left. They’re a mean bunch of 
rats.” 

“Protection for ladies,” I said. 
“That’s right up my alley.” Maybe 
I was thinking about the girl’s 
ankles. I put on my hat, and began 
to look around to see what I’d want 
to take with me. 

Speck put a hand like a bunch of 
bananas in my face and pushed me 
back into my chair. 

“No sentiment in this business,” 
he growled. “I saw you looking at 
that girl. I’m going.” 

I griped, but it didn’t do any good. 
That “Agent-in-Charge” business 
means what it says. 

“Phone Fanny for me,” Speck 
said when,he left with the girl a lit¬ 
tle later. “Tell her I’ll be back on 
the train tonight about seven. If I 
don’t make it I’ll phone you.” 

One of the first rules of an agent 
is to keep in contact with his head¬ 
quarters. That’s to keep from get¬ 
ting out on a limb and then finding 
it sawed off behind you. 

Speck didn’t come in that night, 
and he didn’t phone. 

Fanny called me the next morning 
and said that Speck hadn’t come in 
during the night. Of course she was 
scared; but Fanny is game and didn’t 
show it, except for a little choke in 
her voice. 

That day wasn’t much fun for me. 
Fanny would phone about every two 
hours, the choke in her voice getting 
a little more noticeable each time. 
And no word came from Speck. I put 
in a call for him at Fenway, and 
couldn’t get him. Then I put in a 
call for Julia Proctor, and I couldn’t 
get her either. 

“He’ll surely be in tonight,” Fanny 


said bravely, the last time she called. 
“I’m having whitefish for dinner to¬ 
night—broiled the way Dave is crazy 
about. Come on out and eat with us.” 

We ate the whitefish alone—Fanny 
and I and the two kids. Speck didn’t 
show up, and I’m afraid we didn’t 
enjoy the dinner, good as it was. I 
sat around faking cheerfulness for a 
couple of hours, with the kids crawl¬ 
ing over me and calling me “Uncle 
Dinkey.” The boy is four and looks 
so much like Speck, it’s spooky; the 
girl, six, looks like Fanny, which is 
plenty good-looking. It made my 
stomach go cold, those kids talking 
about their daddy and asking when 
he was coming home, and Fanny go¬ 
ing kind of white every time Speck’s 
name was mentioned. 

When I left she went to the door 
with me. She kind of reached out, 
caught both my arms tight, and be¬ 
gan to cry. I let her use my shoul¬ 
der. I’m crazy about Fanny. She’s 
swell people. I told her to keep her 
chin up—then I got out of there. I 
had to, or I’d have been blubbering, 
too. I got in my car and headed 
south. 

F ENWAY is a nice little town, 
with a Chamber of Commerce 
and all the trimmings. At one o’clock 
in the morning it was a blot of dark¬ 
ness with the exception of two blocks 
of street lights and the lights in 
front of the new courthouse. I got 
the directions to Julia Proctor’s 
house from a bent and toothless old 
night watchman. 

It was a pocket-size cottage with 
vines around it. It seemed to fit her 
all right—and verify my judgment 
on her ankles. It was dark, of 
course. 

I walked around the cottage. And 
I didn’t go clanking. I couldn’t spot 
anything queer. Finally I went up 
and tried the front door. It was 
locked. I rang the bell, thinking it 
kind of foolish. I had a funny feel¬ 
ing down under my breastbone. 
Maybe I was sticking my neck out. 

I was. The lock clicked, the door 
came open with a jerk, and the lights 
snapped on. I had yanked out my 


62 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


service gun, but the man who opened 
the door had jumped to one side. The 
door slammed behind me and its 
spring lock clicked. 

“Take it easy, copper,” Honey Sa- 
voni said. “We was kinda expectin’ 
you.” 

All I could see of Honey was one 
eye, half of a crooked nose, and half 
of his grinning gash of mouth. The 
rest of him was behind the casement 
of the doorway down the hall. But 
I saw what Honey had. It was a 
tommy-gun and it was pointed just 
about where I had recently experi¬ 
enced my funny feeling. 

“We found out a long time ago,” 
Honey cracked, “that Federal dicks 
run in pairs—like other snakes. All 
right, take him, Sailor!” 

That’s where Honey made his mis¬ 
take. When they’re going to take me, 
they ought not to let me know about 
it. I learned in Class D baseball 
how, all at the same time, to dodge 
pop-bottles from the visiting fans, 
fight the umps with one hand, and 
members of the visiting team with 
the other. I’ve often used that tech¬ 
nique. 

This time I dodged. The sap that 
Sailor Pringle swung down at me 
would have knocked me cold as a 
well-digger’s foot. It didn’t even do 
my shoulder any good, when I jerked 
my head aside. Sailor was the punk 
who had opened the door. He used 
to be a third-rate pug, before he got 
the killer’s itch. 

T HE momentum of his blow threw 
Sailor onto my back, I let my 
gun slip, whipped my hands over the 
back of his neck, locked my fingers, 
hunched low and heaved up like a 
bucking burro. Honey didn’t use the 
tommy-gun to open up my hide for 
two reasons—one was, in our tangle, 
Sailor Pringle was as likely to be¬ 
come a bloody corpse as me; the 
other was they didn’t want a four- 
alarm bedlam in this quiet burg. 

My heave did the work for Sailor. 
With a cry like a frightened guinea- 
hen, he went over my back and 
slammed down in front of me. 

I didn’t let him go to the floor. I 


grabbed a new hold and held him up 
in front of me, his back to Honey 
and the artillery. 

“Fire when ready, Honey,” I yam¬ 
mered. “See if Sailor can take it!” 

Sailor couldn’t. He squirmed like 
a worm on a hot rock, bawling out 
for Honey not to shoot. But Sailor 
still had some of the stuff he had in 
the fight ring, and he began to fight 
back. And Honey Savoni was clos¬ 
ing in—cautiously, because Honey 
likes himself—but closing in never¬ 
theless. And the ruckus brought two 
more of the rats from the room off 
the hall. 

I knew all of them. Not person¬ 
ally, of course. Their mugs were on 
file in the division. The last two were 
Skeet Filmore, a thin-faced little rat 
with buckteeth, and Fats Googan, a 
beefy one with a tic that made his 
mouth twitch. All four were Nick 
Dariant trigger men. Both newcom¬ 
ers had rods, and Skeet’s had a muf¬ 
fler on it. I figured when they got 
ready to kill me—and it looked like 
that time was coming on — Skeet 
would be delegated to do the job. 

I was fighting nasty. My knee had 
found Sailor’s groin, one fist in his 
face, and the other in his stomach, 
below the belt. Which doesn’t mean 
that Sailor wasn’t doing anything 
about it. My chin had found his fist 
three or four times—I lost count 
—and I was as groggy as a gob on 
shore leave. But Sailor was plenty 
sick, and I made a wild swing that 
caught him flush on the button and 
sent him reeling, staggering away to 
flounder blindly into the wall and 
slump down. 

The others were right on me then, 
and I had to shake my head hard to 
keep the hallway itself from jumping 
up and down. I was thinking that a 
girl with nice ankles had let me in 
for this. 

“Let me drop this copper!” Skeet 
Fillmore wheezed through his nose. 
His gun with the awkward-looking 
muffler was shoved against my teeth. 
He had been smoking up his own 
profits; I could smell the weed on 
his breath and see the ugly shine of 
his eyes. 


HEAVENLY WEEDS 63 


How I did it, I don’t know. Again 
the practice from dodging pop-bot¬ 
tles, I guess. Skeet just didn’t pull 
the trigger fast enough. My hand 
slapped up, whacked against the gun. 
It coughed in my face, parted my 
hair neatly in the middle, and powder- 
burned my forehead. 

I had sense enough to know that 
an automatic with that kind of a 
muffler had to be cocked between 
shots. While our misguided Mr. Fill¬ 
more was trying to do that, I hit 
him. The blow cracked like a cap- 
pistol and his head went way back. 
Skeet went over, sank flat on the 
floor, lay still. 

H ONEY SAVONI was cursing fer¬ 
vently; he hit me over my ear 
with the muzzle of the tommy-gun. 
I slogged to my knees and couldn’t 
get up. 

Honey drew back for a finishing 
blow, but Fats Googan caught his 
arm. 

Everything stopped in that hall¬ 
way like a moving picture when the 
film breaks. Somebody was pounding 
on the door. 

“Open up! Open up!” 

“The law—the hick law!” Fats 
whispered hoarsely, his mouth jerk¬ 
ing hard. 

“Scram!” Honey cried. 

They were leaving, and I couldn’t 
get up. My elbows kept folding un¬ 
der my weight. Sailor Pringle was 
going, too, yawing behind them in a 
zigzag trail. Then a hefty body hit 
the front door and it cracked, heav¬ 
ing in a couple of big cops in Tooner- 
ville uniforms. 

“Halt!” called one of the cops. He 
had a big, round face and he raised 
a big, heavy, black gun. But Sailor 
didn’t halt, and the others were al¬ 
ready through the back door of the 
hall. 

The cops jumped over me and 
Skeet Fillmore on the floor and went 
rushing after them. Doors slammed 
and then the big guns started off. I 
heard Honey’s tommy chattering, 
wild and devilish, out there. Then 
a car roared. 

I was surprised to see the cops 


come back in, both as good as new. 
Luck of the Irish, I guess. 

“They got away,” one said dole¬ 
fully. 

“What’s all this?” the other de¬ 
manded. 

“I’m trying to find out,” I mum¬ 
bled, and managed to show them my 
badge. 

“The watchman told us you asked 
the way to Miss Julia’s,” the red¬ 
faced one said. “We didn’t like the 
looks of it this time of night, so we 
came out.” 

. “I’m glad you did—you saved my 
life.” One of the cops had a drink 
on him, and he offered it to me. It 
brought me around. They found sur¬ 
gical tape in the house and patched 
the places where I’d had the corners 
knocked off my skull. 

I went over and took a look at 
Skeet Fillmore. He was dead. That’s 
the trouble with a long-time addict. 
Life hangs by such a slender thread 
with them. A little sock and out goes 
his heart. And I was genuinely 
sorry, because a dead man can’t talk. 

They took Skeet’s body away with 
them, and said they’d phone in an 
alarm to go on the short-wave'. 

I let it go at that. What I wanted, 
what the division wanted, was the 
hide of the devil behind all this— 
Nick Dariant. Honey Savoni wouldn’t 
lead us to him as long as he was 
chased. 

In the living room of Julia Proc¬ 
tor’s cottage I flopped in an arm¬ 
chair and searched around. I started 
putting two and two together, and 
got a hatful of things I didn’t like. 
The girl had been watched, just as 
Speck had guessed. Perhaps the kid 
brother had sung to Savoni. Then 
Speck had stepped into the buzz-saw, 
just as I had. The Savoni mob had 
taken him, the girl, and the b'oy, 
Jimmy. Where? They had come back 
to sit on the cottage like a hen on a 
nest of eggs. And, smart guy, I had 
walked into their parlor. 

I went over the house with a fine¬ 
toothed comb. No soap. Back in the 
living room I searched around some 
more. Two demons were beating tin 
pans in my head. 


64 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


Then I saw a book lying open, face 
down, on the mantle. 

That book meant something. Sa- 
voni’s mob would not have been read¬ 
ing Oliver Twist. Either Julia Proc¬ 
tor or Speck Chandler had left the 
volume there. If it was Speck, there’d 
be some message about it for me. I 
marked the place where the book was 
open and put it through an examina¬ 
tion. At last I got it 

There were tiny indentations— 
such as might have been made by a 
fingernail—under certain letters of 
the reading matter. Grabbing a pen¬ 
cil, searching those faint marks out 
with acute care, I wrote down the 
letters. 

farmeightmilesnmilstead 

Farm eight miles north of Mil- 
stead! I could reconstruct what had 
happened here. The gang had held 
Speck here, probably waiting for a 
chance to move him out. He heard 
them talk, knew where they were go¬ 
ing to take him. When they were 
not watching too closely he had left 
this message. 

Milstead was seventy miles north¬ 
west of Fenway, a hamlet on the 
highway. I called Fanny by long dis¬ 
tance, and told her I had a lead and 
was going right on after Speck. But 
I didn’t tell her that Nick Dariant’s 
favorite method was a spray of ma¬ 
chine-gun bullets in the face and in¬ 
terment in a lime-pit. 

A T noon the next day I was up a 
pole, literally. Lineman’s climb¬ 
ing spikes were strapped to my legs, 
a safety-belt encircled my waist and 
the pole, and through binoculars I 
was studying a farm a quarter-mile 
away. 

This wasn’t the first pole I had 
climbed, nor the first farm I had 
studied through the glasses. There 
were a bunch of farms eight miles 
north of Milstead, and I hadn’t 
passed up a bet. This one, at casual 
glance, looked like all others in the 
vicinity. But a big section at the 
rear of it was bordered on all sides 
by a thick bois d’arc hedge, and in 


that section was growing a brand of 
cotton no cotton farmer would ac¬ 
knowledge. It was growing lush, 
thick, and broadcast instead of in 
rows. Under my glass, it had long, 
down-slanting ladyfinger leaves. 

Mexican hemp—the marijuana 
plant! Here then was Nick Dariant’s 
supply of the weed. Roughly, I cal¬ 
culated he had about half a million 
dollars worth of it on the stem, 
enough to ruin the lives of the popu¬ 
lation of a city! 

About the time I had that thought, 
one of the glass insulators about 
eighteen inches from my face ex¬ 
ploded. Chips of glass cut my face, 
a bullet screamed away like a ban¬ 
shee, and across from the big, mod¬ 
ern two-story farmhouse came the 
sound of a gun. 

I whipped my glasses that way and 
saw the figure of a man in one of 
the upper windows. His rifle winked 
again, and a long raw splinter ripped 
off the cross-arm to which I was 
holding. 

Jerking my spikes free, wrapping 
arms about the pole, I began to slide 
down. The bullets followed me. They 
made ugly notches on the pole right 
at my face. One breezed through my 
clothes with a hot breath, scraping 
my hide at the waist. Other guns be¬ 
gan booming closer—hoods in the 
bois d’arc hedge, who had been guard¬ 
ing the marijuana field. And I saw 
a car put out from the house. I was 
slipping as fast as I could without 
letting go entirely. I was about half¬ 
way down, when a bullet cut the 
safety-belt, and gravity did the job 
of getting me to the ground. 

It was a shocking jar, but no bones 
broke. I got up running. The car 
was racing along a narrow lane and 
would be here in seconds. There were 
five men in it, and I saw a machine- 
gun poking out the rear window. 

I was in timbered pasture land, 
ducking among bushes and low brush. 
And right there I pulled a little trick 
of psychology on them. I knew they’d 
expect me to run away from danger, 
so I ran toward it. My car was in 
the other direction, but I had brought 
up a carrying-case with my “equip- 


HEAVENLY WEED 


65 


ment” in it and cached it not far 
from my look-out pole. 

Men had left the car and were 
running through the pasture. Honey 
Savoni had the machine-gun. Fats 
Googan had a thirty-shot Luger. The 
others were as well heeled. They were 
getting closer and closer. They were 
as wary as lynx-cats. Behind a bush 
I shed the lineman’s doodads, strip¬ 
ping for speed! 

“I'll bet the rat run the other 
way!” Fats cried out. 

I tumbled into a shallow depres¬ 
sion with some weeds along its sides. 
I scuttled along on all fours, going 
toward the lane, until I was just op¬ 
posite the clump where my stuff was 
cached. But there was open space 
between it and me. 

The chance had to be taken. I 
sprinted up and ran for it, putting 
on all my steam. Honey Savoni 
yelled. His tommy began its insane 
jabber. A heel was knocked from my 
shoe. I saw pieces of ground eaten 
away in front of me. That brush 
clump was the home plate and I slid 
into it like a runner in the last of 
the ninth with the score tied. Thorns 
clawed at me, but I hardly knew it. 
I grabbed up the carrying-case with 
my left hand and plunged out of the 
bushes on the other side. 

Right across from me was the 
gang’s car, parked in the lane. A 
hood was standing by it, on guard, 
with a big automatic in his hand. He 
had seen me coming, had his gun up. 

My own was up, too. I shot him 
in the chest just as his gun went off 
and his bullet zipped by my head. 
That cured him permanently of the 
gang killer’s favorite trick—shooting 
at his victim’s face. 

The motor of the car was still go¬ 
ing, and Savoni’s mad crew was still 
coming, like a pack of hounds. I 
pushed the dead man from the run¬ 
ning board and leaped in, under the 
wheel. It was a big, heavy car with 
thick, non-shatterable glass—almost 
an armored car. 

I made a tank out of that car. I 
didn’t go back down the lane, because 
that way they would cut me off, lit¬ 
erally rip the tires off of it with 


their guns. I whirled the machine 
halfway around, and headed straight 
into a wire fence. Wires snapped 
like fiddle strings and I roared across 
rows of cotton, straight for the 
house. The machine cut through the 
plants like a scythe. While I drove 
with my left hand, I opened the case 
beside me with my right and took 
out the submachine-gun. 

Guns opened up from the house. 
Spider webs appeared on the wind¬ 
shield. Bullets beat like sharp ham¬ 
mers on the body. And gun noises 
were driving me on from behind. 

I RIPPED through another wire 
fence, hurdled a ditch and roared 
across a gravel lane that bordered 
the grounds of the house. Then I 
was facing a sturdy white paling 
fence. The car hit it with a crash, 
made a hole in it, slapped the fence 
to the ground for twenty feet on each 
side. 

The grounds of the house were 
nicely landscaped with dwarf cedars 
and firs. The car took these in its 
stride, Slicing down a tall, graceful 
Lombardy poplar for extra measure. 

I couldn’t stop and get out—it was 
raining lead and I had no umbrella! 
There was a tiled sun porch on this 
side of the house, just about level 
with the yard. I drove straight at 
it. It had two thick brick columns, 
but I gunned the machine to the 
floor; I thought I could drive between 
them. I did, but I left rear fenders 
behind. 

Looking out on the sun porch was 
a big, wide cathedral window reach¬ 
ing to the floor. Again I gunned to 
the bottom, hit the window center. 
Glass, metal framework, mortar 
crashed around me like all hell. 

There was a two-foot drop beyond 
the window and the car leaped in 
like some live devil from a hop-head’s 
dream. There it came to a halt, 
astride a studio couch, with its nose 
hooked over a library table. 

On the other side of the room was 
an open archway with double col¬ 
umns on each side of it. A man was 
behind the right side columns with 
the nose of a machine-gun poked be- 


66 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


tween them, belching fire and death 
at me. The bedlam was hideous. I 
flopped down below the dash as the 
windshield was eaten away and fell 
in stiards on my back. I wormed to 
the floor, with the gear lever press¬ 
ing my stomach, and reached across 
to the handle of the right-hand door. 

When it swung open, I went out 
with it, dragging the machine-gun. 
Glass shattered out of the door as 
the gunner spotted my move. But 
I crouched low behind the side of 
the hood, low enough to have the 
protection of the heavy metal of the 
motor, from which bullets were 
gonging like demons beating a tri¬ 
angle. More men had come down 
the stairs beyond the archway, their 
rods joining the hellish din. 

I raised my tommy just above the 
engine hood, got a lightning bead 
between those two columns, squeezed 
trigger. The gun bucked and 
jumped in my hands. The man with 
the chopper neighed out like a 
stricken horse—once; then he and 
his gun disappeared from the niche. 

The artillery on the stairs behind 
him backed up, beat a retreat, turn¬ 
ing to flee the steps. They couldn’t 
take it. Seeing their man die in a 
bloody mess like that broke their 
nerve. Maybe I sensed this—I don’t 
know. I went on because I couldn’t 
go back. 

A S I hit the bottom step, the last 
of the rats above was quitting 
the landing. He tried to fire down 
on me. He wasn’t fast enough. My 
spray of bullets carried away half 
his side, and he came tumbling down 
the stairs, a lump of dying flesh. 

I was a little sick from the car¬ 
nage, but I was a little crazy too. 
When I reached the top of the 
stairs I was cocked for more of it. 
But I came face to face with three 
thugs who had dropped their 
weapons and had their hands high. 

It was pretty brutal. But I 
couldn’t take a chance on their 
treachery, and I didn’t have time to 
tie them up. I socked them—one, 
two, three—on the conk with the 
barrel of the tommy. 


After I had kicked their weapons 
through the bannister to clatter 
down the stairs, I ran on down the 
corridor. Some one was shouting. 

I knew it was Speck Chandler, and 
my heart leaped high with joy. 

A window was open at the end of 
the corridor and I looked out. The 
four men were running across the 
yard, skirting around a fish pond. 
Honey was in the lead, gripping his 
tommy-gun. I aimed my own at 
their feet, intending to plow up the 
ground in front of them as a warn¬ 
ing. I triggered. 

Nothing happened. The drum was 
empty! And I had left my service 
revolver in the wrecked car! 

I didn’t think—I might have 
wilted. I had to bluff it, take the 
chance. 

“All right, Honey—all of you! 
Drop your guns and reach, or take 
lead on tender places!” I yelled. 

To a man they looked up. Saw 
my chopper beaded on them. There 
was a motionless moment. I’ll never 
forget their white faces, upturned 
toward me. That nerve in Fats’ face 
jerking at the corner of his mouth; 
Honey’s gash of a mouth, slack in 
surprise; the others blank. 

Honey made a half gesture to 
raise his weapon, when Fats Googan 
babbled a curse and threw down his 
gun. Then Honey let go of his, and 
the others followed suit. 

“Kick them in the fishpond!” I 
ordered. 

They obeyed while I watched. 
Then I turned away. Their fangs 
were drawn; there is no danger in 
a gangster when his gun is gone. 
They might lam, but I knew they 
could be picked up as soon as I 
phoned in an alarm. 

I listened now to Speck Chand¬ 
ler’s shouting. 

“Dinkey — Dinkey!” he yelled. 
“Look out for Nick!” 

Nick Dariant! How I would 
look out for him! How I had craved 
to come face to face with him! Now 
good luck or bad luck with me, I 
would—and with a gun! 

But I traced the sound of Speck's 
voice, ranged down from the corri> 


HEAVENLY WEED 


67 


dor. I spotted it behind the third 
door. The door was locked. 

I lunged against the door and 
broke it open. 

But no shots, bombs, or other 
forms of destruction greeted me. 
Instead I was looking into a very 
nicely furnished room where Speck 
Chandler, Julia Proctor, and her 
kid brother sat rigidly in chairs. 
They were taped to them like so 
many mummies. Nick Dariant was 
not in the room. 

When I’d freed them, Speck 
sheepishly tried to say something 
appropriate; the girl was crying 
from reaction, and hugging her 
brother, who was a manly looking 
little chap after all. Then she was 
hugging me, and she kissed me! 

I liked it all right, but I didn’t 
want to go soft then. 

C UT IT!” I growled. “We’ve got 
to get Nick!” 

We went out of the room, into 
the corridor. We kept together. I 
didn’t tell Speck and the others my 
gun was empty. We tried doors. 
They were locked, and I was tired 
of crashing things. 

Then a voice sounded from the 
other end of the long hallway. 

“All right, G-coppers! You’ve 
ruined my hideout, busted my racket, 
haven’t you? Take this from Nick 
Dariant as a little token!” 

I whirled and saw Nick. Just 
a glimpse of him. His matinee idol 
figure, his Greek god face, eyes 
crazy now, classic features in a 
twisted cast of fury. Then he raised 
his right arm and threw with all 
his might—a bomb! 

I saw that bomb coming on and 
on, growing bigger, for what seemed 
like hours. We were all huddled 
together at the end of the hallway 
—we couldn’t run; we were hemmed 
in by walls and locked doors. It 
wasn’t a standard bomb, but a hand- 
manufactured one, round and about 
the size of a baseball; it made me 
sick inside to think what that much 
high-explosive could do to us. It 
came on like a ground-liner, and I 
realized that it was going to hit 


the floor and skim along to our very 
feet! 

I must have thought I wasn’t in 
that hall any more. I was on the 
baseball diamond, and maybe I 
could hear the fans yelling; what 
I’d gone through made me a little 
berserk. That bomb was a baseball, 
a fast ground-skinner coming at me 
red-hot from the smash of a bat, 
and I was racing to meet it, to pick 
it up. 1 caught it as it hit the floor. 
I didn’t know until a long time later 
that a bone in my hand was cracked. 
My hand lashed up and I returned 
it, hot as it had come—putting all 
the steam I had on that return! 

Nick Dariant saw it coming, but 
he seemed paralyzed, couldn’t move. 
Then there was an awful growl of 
sound in our ears, the house shook, 
and Nick was blotted from sight by 
a jagged blast of flame. There was 
a hole in the wall, a hole in the 
floor, and plaster and lath ripped 
out and fell. And somewhere in 
that debris was what was left of 
Nick Dariant. 

It was funny that I’d think right 
then of Speck Chandler’s wife, wait¬ 
ing by the telephone, and the two 
kids who had crawled over me the 
night before asking about their 
daddy. 

“You go phone Fanny, this min¬ 
ute, you big lug!” I said roughly to 
Speck. 

Then I went blind as a bat and 
reeled over! 

When I came to I was stretched 
out flat on a couch in one of the 
rooms, and the girl was bending 
over me. I could see her ankles 
and they were as trim as ever. I 
knew I’d been right about those 
ankles. I tried to grin. 

“I’ll give Jimmy a whipping down 
if I ever catch him smoking off- 
brand cigarettes again,” I said. 
“How about a date tonight, lady?” 

She bent closer, and maybe I’m 
crazy, but I thought there were tears 
in her eyes, and she seemed like she 
couldn’t speak for a moment. And 
she kind of choked up when she 
spoke. 

“What time shall I expect you. 
Mr. Davis?” she said. 


,& MURDERER'S 


I N THE mid-forties of New York 
City, not far from Fifth Ave¬ 
nue, stands the huge building 
which houses the Scientific Crime 
Club. 

The club’s luxurious quarters 
are on the roof, far removed from 
the turmoil of busy city streets. 
There is a little garden of pebbled 
winding paths between flower beds 
and trellises, with a splashing foun¬ 
tain in its center. 

One of the rooms has sliding walls 
and roof which in pleasant weather 
may be opened to the sky. And there 
are other rooms of luxurious leather 
lounging chairs, a little bar and 
restaurant with white-coated atten¬ 
dants. 

Bridge and chess tables are here; 
a billiard room; a small bowling 
alley; a shooting gallery; a small 
gymnasium and pool. 

Outwardly they are rooms for 
wealthy men at play. 

But some of them are very 
strangely equipped. 

One is crowded with expensive de¬ 
vices of modern science; an electri¬ 
cal laboratory; a room equipped for 
research chemistry and physics. 
And there is a room which would 
seem to be a theatrical storehouse— 
scenery, props of every imaginable 
kind, ranged in an orderly litter. 
They are the club’s equipment when 
it is at work. 

No one, visiting the club for the 
first time, would think of it as more 
than a playground. 

But the lighting effects of its 
rooms can be made extraordinary, 
for they have wiring as intricate as 
any theatrical stage. 

There are ingenious secret panels 
in some of the walls; hidden traps in 
the floor and the roof—an amazing 
equipment which may not be used 
for a year but is always available 



By RAY 

Author of “The Mental Giant,” 

for the scientific probing of the 
minds of suspected criminals who 
may be brought here. 

The club members, largely, are 
wealthy professional men. Upon a 
warm summer night, a group of 
them were gathered in one of the 
lounging rooms. 

Some club members were here by 
chance; others had been summoned 
as spectators and participants, in a 
case which just today had come be¬ 
fore the club. 

The services of the members — 


Dr. Allaire Plumbs the Depths of a Killer's 


68 





BRAIN 



I didn’t do itl” 


KING 

“Condemned by Fate,’’ etc. 

the resources of the club—have for 
years been at the disposal of the 
police, or any individual who cares 
to demand them. 

The cases come at irregular in¬ 
tervals, generally from the police 
of New York City and its out¬ 
lying districts — clueless affairs, 
usually, with definite suspects upon 
whom, by ordinary police methods, 
guilt would probably never be fast¬ 
ened. 

The case, tonight, was typical. 
The Psychologist, lounging in his 


A Tale from the 
SCIENTIFIC CRIME CLUB 

chair with his fellow members 
around him, was saying: 

“It’s a pathetic affair, gentlemen. 
The girl—she was only sixteen— 
killed herself last evening. And per¬ 
haps almost simultaneously, her 
father was murdered.” 

“How do you know she killed her¬ 
self?” the Banker demanded. “Why 
not a double murder?” 

“The facts are against it,” the 
Psychologist said. “The thing hap¬ 
pened in Maple Grove—just about 
this time last evening. Peter Mack¬ 
enzie and his daughter, Alice. They 
lived in a small but very respectable 
lodging house. He was a widower— 
a glass blower in the Torrence Glass 
Works out there. And the girl kept 
house for him.” 

“QfHE took poison, I understand,” 
O the Doctor interjected. 

“Why?” asked the Very Young 
Man eagerly. “Was she a pretty 
girl, Dr. Allaire?” 

“They say she was,” the Psycholo¬ 
gist answered. “An old-fashioned 
sort of girl. Her father brought her 
here from Scotland, just after she 
was born. The father was a man of 
fifty. You know the type—indus¬ 
trious, thrifty, squarely solid both in 
physical build and in character. A 
plain man, of doggedly high prin¬ 
ciples. And he brought his daughter 
up in just that fashion. They say 
the girl was dutiful, gentle, sweet—” 
“And she killed herself,” the Very 
Young Man sighed. “I wish I had 
known her. Maybe then—” 

“At nine o’clock last evening,” 
the Psychologist went on, “Peter 
Mackenzie is known to have gone 
out and left his daughter at home. 
They were both agitated—the land¬ 
lady heard their voices, but nothing 
that they said. At ten o’clock she 
went up to see Alice. The girl was 


Mind to Secure a Halting Confession! 


69 







70 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


lying on her bed, unconscious from 
an overdose of sedative. She never 
recovered consciousness; she died at 
dawn today. And last night—at 
nine-thirty while the girl was end¬ 
ing her life—less than two miles 
away her father was being mur¬ 
dered.” 

“And there is a clear connection?” 
the Lawyer asked. 

“There is indeed.” The grey¬ 
haired, distinguished-looking Psy¬ 
chologist sat up in his chair, smooth¬ 
ing a crumpled bit of paper in his 
hand. “Here is the note she left 
—pathetic, simple words. He read: 

Father darling— He doesn’t love me, so 
why bother? I hope you tell him so. But 
even as much as I love you, I cannot live 
without him. Oh please forgive me— 

T HERE was a brief silence, the 
men staring at the Psychologist 
put the smudged, tear-stained bit of 
paper back into his pocket. Then 
the Lawyer said: 

“It se6ms obvious that her father 
went to meet the man she loved.” 

“Exactly,” the Psychologist agreed. 
“That inference is plain. They met. 
And the unknown man killed Mack¬ 
enzie—on a bridge high over the 
Central Railroad tracks in the out¬ 
skirts of Maple Grove. We have a 
witness to it. The 9.28 train for 
New York had just left the Maple 
Grove station. 

“It wasn’t going very fast when 
it reached the bridge. The engineer 
plainly saw two men high up there 
—the silhouettes of them. He saw 
the murderer shoving Mackenzie— 
and saw Mackenzie come hurtling 
down—striking, not the track on 
which the train was advancing, but 
the one adjacent. The fall killed 
him. The murderer perhaps had in¬ 
tended to throw him in front of the 
train—” 

“If the engineer saw the mur¬ 
derer, what did he look like?” the 
Lawyer demanded. 

“Just a bareheaded silhouette. No 
details. The silhouette of a man 
peering dpwn; then running away. 
Now gentlemen, you can see easily 
why Marberry, of Maple Grove, re¬ 


ferred the case to us. This man 
whom the little Alice loved more 
than her father or her life—only 
she and her father knew his iden¬ 
tity. And there you have the mur¬ 
der motive. This stern old Scotch¬ 
man, meeting this man—” 

“The murderer felt that he could 
control the girl?” the Astronomer 
suggested. 

“Or perhaps he would have mur¬ 
dered her later,” the Psychologist 
said. “Her suicide saved him the 
trouble. The case, gentlemen, by in¬ 
ference, is extraordinarily simple. 
But that, indeed, is exactly why the 
police are balked. There are no 
tangible clues. Nothing but infer¬ 
ence—an assumption of what hap¬ 
pened and why it happened.” 

“Which wouldn’t get very far be¬ 
fore a jury,” the Lawyer interjected. 
“Defense counsel would knock that 
sort of evidence into a cocked hat.” 

“Exactly,” the Psychologist agreed. 
“We have the suspects—and nothing 
else. It wasn’t‘hard, even in a few 
short hours today, for Marberry to 
locate the possible men for whom 
Alice Mackenzie could have had this 
attachment. 

“There are only two. A young 
fellow named George Bolton who 
works in an office here in New 
York; and a rich widower of thirty 
—an ex-actor named Thomas Dale, 
who was fortunate in a mining 
speculation and now has retired 
from business. Both were seen fre¬ 
quently in the girl’s company—old 
Mackenzie seemed to like them 
both.” 

“And where were they last eve¬ 
ning?” the Lawyer demanded. 

The Psychologist smiled wryly. 

“Marberry has been grilling them 
all day. Young Bolton was in his 
Maple Grove boarding house room— 
on the ground floor so that he could 
easily have gone in and out the 
window without attracting atten¬ 
tion. Thomas Dale was alone in his 
Maple Grove apartment, with a pri¬ 
vate entrance to the street so that 
no one but himself can say whether 
he was there all evening or not.” 

“And it’s up to us to make the 
choice,” the Very Young Man ex- 


IN THE MURDERER’S BRAIN 


71 


claimed. “But how in the devil—’’ 

“I’ve sent for them,’’ the Psycholo¬ 
gist said. “They’ll be here any min¬ 
ute. Now gentlemefi) there is little 
for you to do—most of it negative. 
You may hear, for instance, a queer 
grinding, clicking noise. Ignore it! 
Pretend it does not exist. I want 
the murderer perhaps to think he is 
imagining it.’’ 

The Psychologist’s lean, sensitive 
face was grim now as he added: 

“The guilt is in the brain of one 
of these two men. I’m going to drag 
it out—without him knowing it.” 

A club attendant appeared at the 
door of the room. “George Bolton 
is here to see Dr. Allaire.” 

“Send him in.” The Psychologist 
stood up. “The idea is, gentlemen,” 
he added hurriedly, “I’ve told both 
these suspects that a wealthy, ec¬ 
centric criminologist is interested in 
the case—that he is convinced they 
are both innocent—has hired me 
scientifically to demonstrate it. 
Whether they believe that or not is 
immaterial. Neither dared refuse to 
come. So you gentlemen act with 
the assumption of sympathy. An 
experiment in applied psychology— 
to prove innocence, not guilt. And 
we will—” 

G EORGE BOLTON entered the 
room and stood staring, surprised, 
confused by the number of men all 
of whom were gazing at him in¬ 
tently. He was a tall, blond, broad- 
shouldered, very handsome young 
fellow, dressed in a neat dark busi¬ 
ness suit. 

“Dr.—Allaire?” he said hesitantly. 
“I am Dr. Allaire,” the Psycholo¬ 
gist said. He indicated a chair. 
“Sit down, please. Thank you for 
coming, Mr. Bolton.” 

The young man smiled. “OK— 
how do you do? I thought I’d got¬ 
ten into the wrong room.” 

“These gentlemen are my fellow 
club members,” the Psychologist ex¬ 
plained. “I need not introduce them 
by name. Gentlemen, this is Mr. 
Bolton. The police seem to think he 
might be guilty of the crime I’ve 
been describing to you.” 

Young Bolton smiled nervously at 


the men as he sat down. “The po¬ 
lice have been pretty tough on me 
all day. What is it you want of me, 
Dr. Allaire? Lord knows Fve al¬ 
ready told—” 

Again the attendant appeared. 
“Mr. Thomas Dale is here, Dr. Al¬ 
laire.” 

“Send him in, Arthur.” 

At the name, young Bolton had 
leaped to his feet. “Dale? Why you 
didn’t tell me—what is this, some 
more inquisition?” 

“No,” the Psychologist smiled. 
“Quite the reverse. Sit down, Mr. 
Bolton. The police told me that was 
one of your troubles—you’re too im¬ 
petuous. If I can prove your inno¬ 
cence, you’ll be free of the police. 
Don’t you understand? As things 
are, they can’t prove a thing but 
they’ll hound you, trying and hop¬ 
ing—” 

But the young man wasn’t listen¬ 
ing. With flushed face, he stared at 
the door where now Thomas Dale 
stood calmly surveying the room. 

“Dr. Allaire?” 

“I am Dr. Allaire. Come in, Mr. 
Dale.” 

The Psychologist introduced the 
club members. The second suspect 
was an extreme contrast to young 
Bolton—a man of thirty, short but 
powerfully built. His dark hair was 
thinning at the temples. His smooth- 
shaven face of rugged features, was 
somewhat pale. He had been an 
actor, and it showed now in the 
self-possession with which he ac¬ 
knowledged the introductions. And 
then his quiet gaze landed upon 
Bolton who was standing with 
clenched fists. 

“How do you do, Bolton?” he said. 
“I didn’t know you had been invited 
here. Where do you want me to 
sit, Dr. Allaire?” 

Certainly there was no love lost 
between the two men. The Psycholo¬ 
gist placed them in small chairs, 
side by side. They were diagonally 
facing the intent group of club 
members, with the Psychologist 
standing before them. 

“I owe you both an explanation,” 
he began quietly. “I have been com¬ 
missioned to try and produce some 


72 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


evidence that will persuade the po¬ 
lice to let you alone. My client is 
aware that- there is no evidence 
against either of you—” 

“Who is your client?” Bolton 
asked. "Is he here? No one is in¬ 
terested in me—” 

“I am not at liberty to name him,” 
the Psychologist said. “Perhaps it 
is myself? Why not? I am inter¬ 
ested—well, to be frank, if not in 
you two, certainly in applied psy¬ 
chology.” 

He smiled at the two men, who 
now were staring at him with an 
almost breathless intentness. And 
it was obvious that both of them 
considered his words as a preface 
to some new questioning with the 
same purpose the police had had all 
day. 

One was guilty? One innocent? 
No choice could be made from their 
outward aspect. Wholly different 
types, they had balked the police: 
young Bolton with an impetuous 
angry flush, or grim sullenness; and 
Thomas Dale with a seemingly quiet 
desire to give all the information he 
could, and an imperturbable self-pos¬ 
session. 

“It is not my purpose to question 
you,” the Psychologist went on. “A 
man—as the police have told you— 
was seen killing Peter Mackenzie. 
Unfortunately the witness cannot 
describe that man. It could have 
been either of you—or anyone of a 
thousand other men—” 

“Which is very hard on us,” Dale 
said. 

“It is indeed. I quite agree with 
you. To come to the point—I have 
invited these gentlemen here as wit¬ 
nesses to an experiment in psy¬ 
chology— Wait a minute, Mr. Bol¬ 
ton — don’t interrupt me, please. 
You are both innocent—you have 
told the police so. And both of you 
know by now, very well indeed, that 
there is not a particle of evidence 
against either one of you—” 

He paused, and then he abruptly 
added: 

“You don’t know, do you, any¬ 
thing of what happened between 
Mackenzie and his murderer on that 
bridge?” 


“I do not,” Bolton said. 

“How could I?” Dale said. 

“My idea is, to tell you what hap¬ 
pened,” the Psychologist continued. 
He smiled faintly. “Not that I 
know what happened, because I 
don’t. But what I tell you, I want 
you to remember. Will you try?” 

“I don’t understand—” Dale be¬ 
gan. Then both he and Bolton 
nodded dubiously. The watching 
men could not miss the fact that 
both were frightened. But still 
there could be no choice: a guilty 
man, afraid of exposure—but an in¬ 
nocent man would also be afraid 
that by some mischance he would 
be incriminated. 

“Yes,” they both said. And Dale 
added, “I’ll try my best to do what¬ 
ever you suggest.” 

“Thanks.” 

An abrupt tenseness seemed to 
come to the room as the Psycholo¬ 
gist took a folded sheet of paper 
from his pocket, and adjusted his 
glasses. 

“I have here some notes I made 
on what probably happened up there 
on the bridge. I am going to read 
them to you—I want you to listen 
carefully. The theory is—into your 
empty mind I am going to put these 
facts. They are quite simple. I want 
you to engrave them there in your 
brain.” 

H E_ stared at the flushed young 
Bolton and the pale Thomas 
Dale. Perhaps one of them now had a 
wild desire to withdraw, but if so, 
he did not dare show it. 

“Are you ready?” the Psycholo¬ 
gist added quietly. 

Again they both nodded. Very 
slowly, with careful but drab in¬ 
tonation which emphasized no word, 
the Psychologist read: 

“The murderer led his victim onto 
the bridge. They talked in the 
moonlight about Alice. They were 
angry. The murderer said, ‘I never 
made love to her.’ Then they sat 
on the bench by the rail and the vic¬ 
tim said. ‘But it is not like my 
child. You cannot make me believe 
it.’ The victim was toying with a 
blue cap in his hand. Then a mo- 


IN THE MURDERER’S BRAIN 


73 


ment later the murderer pushed him 
over the rail. He fell to the railroad 
track and lay crumpled between the 
gleaming rails with the moonlight 
bathing him.’ ” 

The room was heavily silent as 
the Psychologist paused. And look¬ 
ing up from his notes, he added: 

“That’s clear, isn’t it? I want you 
to memorize it, not necessarily word 
for word, but the exact sense of it. 
I’ll read it again.” 

Even more slowly, more drably 
than before, he repeated it. And 
then at once added: 

“You, Jack Bruce—” 

From across the room the Very 
Young Man looked startled. 

“Yes, sir?” 

“Just beyond that door—” the 
Psychologist gestured, “I put a 
small table with some articles on it 
Bring it in, will you please? Care¬ 
fully, Jack—” 

The Very Young Man hastened to 
obey, and came back at once from 
the adjoining room dragging a small 
square table with a group of mis¬ 
cellaneous articles spread upon it. 

“Here you are, Dr. Allaire.” 

“Thanks, Jack.” 

The Psychologist drew the table 
before young Bolton and Thomas 
Dale who stared at it silently. With¬ 
out speaking, the Psychologist 
touched a switch. The roomlights 
faded. Shadows enveloped all the 
intent men, and from the ceiling a 
narrow white beam of light came 
down to illumine the table with the 
objects lying there fully revealed 
in the white glare. 

The Psychologist was in the 
shadow. Close at the edge of the 
circle of white illumination young 
Bolton and Dale sat staring, fas¬ 
cinated. There were perhaps twenty 
objects arranged on the table. They 
were all commonplace, seemingly 
without any relation to each other: 
Dr. Allaire’s personal card; an en¬ 
velope and letterhead of the Scien¬ 
tific Crime Club; a man’s brown 
felt hat and gloves; a silver-headed 
cane; an old battered doll; a blue 
knitted little cape; a few coins— 

From the shadows, the Psycholo¬ 
gist said quietly: “My idea is to put 


into your mind a knowledge of these 
things, almost all of which are 
wholly unrelated to the crime.” 

“That was Alice’s doll,” young 
Bolton said abruptly. 

“Yes,” Dale agreed. “I’ve seen it. 
She said she had it most of her life 
—she treasured it.” 

“I have no purpose of trying to 
find out which of them you recog¬ 
nize,” the Psychologist said. “That 
is—quite—” 

He let his voice trail away; and 
in the silence of the shadowed room 
now, a very faint sound was audible. 
A low grinding, clinking sound. It 
was muffled—indescribably queer. It 
lasted no more than five seconds. 

In the darkness someone shifted 
his feet as though startled. Dale 
and Bolton both murmured some¬ 
thing, but the Psychologist’s voice 
had only stopped for those five sec¬ 
onds, and now he was talking 
again: 

“The things on that table have no 
relation to each other—” He moved 
forward into the white glare and 
shoved the table away. “Forget 
them. I want you only to remember 
what happened on the bridge be¬ 
tween the victim and the murderer. 
I read it to you twice—” 

F ROM his pocket he took two pen¬ 
cils and two small pads of writ¬ 
ing paper, and handed them to 
young Bolton and Dale. 

“You can scribble in the dark¬ 
ness,” he said. “And neither can 
see what the other is writing. Put 
your name at the top—and then 
write your memory of what I read 
you.” 

“Well—” Dale murmured. 

“I may get it wrong,” Bolton said. 
“Do your best.” 

Neither of them wrote hastily. 
It was several minutes before they 
had finished. 

“Here you are,” Bolton said. Dale 
handed his silently. 

The Psychologist took the two 
scrawled papers. In the silence of 
the shadowed room several of the 
men tensely shifted themselves in 
their chairs. Thomas Dale and 
young Bolton were dim blobs m 


74 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


the gloom. At the circle of white 
glare, beating down on the floor now 
where the table had been, the Psy¬ 
chologist stood in shadow. 

F OR a moment he silently read 
what the two men had written. 
“This is very interesting, gentle¬ 
men.” There was just a hint of 
emotion vibrating in his voice. “A 
comparison of these two little es¬ 
says with my original will interest 
you all very much indeed. To re¬ 
fresh your memories. I’ll read you 
again my exact, original words 
which Mr. Bolton and Mr. Dale at¬ 
tempted to reproduce.” 

“I can’t be sure—” Dale mur¬ 
mured out of the darkness. 

“Don’t interrupt me now, please,” 
the Psychologist retorted sharply. 
He was holding his original paper 
into the light. “Here was what I 
asked them to reproduce: 

“The murderer led his victim onto 
the bridge. They talked in the moon¬ 
light about Alice. They were angry. 
The murderer said: ‘I never made 
love to her.’ They then sat on the 
bench by the rail and the victim 
said, ‘But it is not like my child. 
You cannot make me believe it.’ The 
victim was toying with a blue cap in 
his hand. Then a moment later the 
murderer pushed him over the rail. 
He fell to the railroad track and lay 
crumpled between the gleaming rails 
with the moonlight bathing him.” 

“There is the original. Now here 
is what one of them wrote. Analyze 
it carefully gentlemen. 

“ ‘The murderer took his victim to 
the bridge. They stood in the star¬ 
light and they talked angrily about 
Alice. The murderer said, ‘I did not 
ever make love to her.’ They were 
sitting by the rail and Mackenzie 
said. ‘My child is not like that. I 
don’t believe it.’ He was toying with 
something blue in his hand. Then 
suddenly the murderer shoved him 
over the rail. He fell and lay crum¬ 
pled on the gleaming railroad track 
bathed by the starlight’.” 

From the darkness of the intent 
room, as the Psychologist paused, 
came the Lawyer’s voice. 


“He seems to have made several 
errors, Dr. Allaire, but I don’t ex¬ 
actly see what—” 

“Let me analyze them for you. 
Please be quiet, you two—no apol¬ 
ogies are necessary for your errors. 
This writer says starlight instead 
of moonlight. He says they were 
sitting by the rail. I mentioned that 
they sat on the bench by the rail. 
He says Mackenzie was toying with 
something blue in his hand. I said 
it was a blue cap, but he evidently 
forgot that.” 

The Psychologist was talking 
swiftly now. “So much for that one, 
gentlemen. Now I’ll read you the 
other. 

“ ‘The murderer and his victim 
went out onto the bridge. It was 
moonlight and they talked about 
the girl and the murderer said, 
‘But I did not ever make love to 
her.’ They were sitting on the box 
by the rail. Mackenzie was toying 
with a blue cape in his hand and the 
murderer said, ‘It is not my child 
—you cannot mako. me believe it.’ 
Then the murderer pushed him 
through the rail and.he fell to the 
track with the gleaming headlight 
bathing him’.” 

A startled gasp had come from 
several of the men in the darkness. 
“Gentlemen,” the Psychologist added, 
“which is the guilty version?” 

“That one!” Several of them 
chorused it. 

‘•‘No question of it,” the Psy¬ 
chologist said crisply. “Lights, Mar- 
berry please.” 

A glare of lights sprang in the 
room. Thomas Dale was sitting 
pale, intent, awestruck. Young 
George Bolton was on his feet, 
flushed, trembling, with a hand 
flung before his eyes in the glare. 

“It’s a lie!” he cried. “I didn’t 
do it! I didn’t mean to write those 
things. I don’t know what possessed 
me—” 

“The guilt in your brain possessed 
you,” the Psychologist said ironi¬ 
cally. “There’s your man, Mar- 
berry.” 

From the doorway the bulky uni¬ 
formed police sergeant sprang for- 


IN THE MURDERER’S BRAIN 


75 


ward, gripping the terrified Bolton. 

“So they got you—an’ I couldn’t! 
Come on—out with it—you can’t 
lie out of this.” 

“I can—I mean there isn’t any¬ 
thing to lie out of. You take your 
hands off me!” 

“I found out more about him this 
afternoon,” the Sergeant said. “He’s 
been making love to an heiress over 
in Pleasant Hills. I located her— 
dragged it out of her.” 

“That’s a lie!” Bolton stood 
struggling in the Sergeant’s grip. 

“Oh, is it?” Marberry said. “Well 
you’ll get a chance to tell her that 
before the D. A.” 

Then Bolton suddenly broke. “All 
right, I did it. You let me alone, I 
tell you. Stop torturing me—all of 
you—let me alone. Gloria’s right— 
I am engaged to her—her father 
knows it—” 

“And poor little Alice Mackenzie 
with her coming child, and her 
dogged, outraged father—they were 
the obstacles,” the Psychologist said. 
“A murder motive as old as history. 
And despicable beyond most murder 
motives. Take him away, Marberry.” 

A ND when the room had quieted, 
the Psychologist said: 

“That was a very simple psy¬ 
chological test, gentlemen—and one 
that is almost infallible. A true and 
a false memory cannot be distin¬ 
guished by the mind. Bolton un¬ 
doubtedly knew he had a dangerous 
problem. Whatever guilty facts I 
had mentioned, he also must men¬ 
tion. To have ignored guilty facts 
would have been a confession that 
he recognized them as guilty. 

“Dale had no guilty memories at 
all to confuse him. He had no prob¬ 
lem except to try and remember 
what I had read. He said starlight 
—got it mixed with moonlight. It 
generally is mixed on a clear night. 
He forgot the blue cap—.just re¬ 
membered something blue. He forgot 
the bench on which they were sit¬ 
ting. That was reasonable. A bench 
is unusual on a bridge. As a mat¬ 
ter of fact, there is no bench on that 
bridge. 


“I wanted to make sure of re¬ 
freshing the guilty memories in this 
murderer’s mind, and confusing 
those guilty memories with the 
memory of what I had read. You 
recall that faint, mysterious clank¬ 
ing sound a while ago, which we all 
ignored! It meant nothing to the 
innocent Thomas Dale. 

“It was my simulation—in an ad¬ 
joining room here—of the sound of 
the gears shifting the railroad sema¬ 
phore signals which are on the 
bridge. We knew the murderer must 
have heard those gears shift as the 
train approached. They make quite 
a racket, and he and Mackenzie were 
sitting on the gear box. 

“And the articles on that table,” 
the Psychologist continued, “most of 
them were meaningless. To the in¬ 
nocent Dale, that little blue cape 
lying beside Alice’s doll probably 
looked like a doll cape. But to the 
murderer it was a little garment 
for the coming baby. Mackenzie had 
it in his hand—they found it still 
clutched in his dead fingers. Evi¬ 
dently he had brought it to appeal to 
this seducer. 

“Bolton recognized it on the table. 
And when I said blue cap—Macken¬ 
zie owned no blue cap—it was al¬ 
most inevitable that Bolton should 
confuse the memories and think that 
I said blue cape. And he was the 
only one who knew of the coming 
child. The autopsy showed it, but 
the fact was never mentioned. 

“He garbled my sentences on that 
point—got my words almost all cor¬ 
rect—but out came his guilty knowl¬ 
edge of the child when I had said 
something wholly different! And 
Mackenzie was pushed through the 
rail, not over it! And in the deep 
railroad cut, the moonlight did not 
penetrate. Bolton—staring down at 
his victim—had an inescapable 
memory of the body, bathed not by 
moonlight, but by the headlight of 
the advancing train! 

“Guilty memories, gentlemen, are 
the murderer’s greatest danger. It’s 
almost impossible for him to hide 
them—if you dig for them in scien¬ 
tific fashion.” 


Ken Boyce Burns the Road for Easy 



The revolvers blasted lead 


Novelette MURDER 


CHAPTER I 
A Crash 

I T WAS like seeing a traffic cop 
in the middle of a South African 
veldt. 

Ken Boyce felt like that. He told 
himself anyone would feel like that 
seeing him strolling along this se¬ 
rene country highway. He didn’t be¬ 
long on this highway any more than 
the cop belonged on the veldt. He 
didn’t fit in with the fenced-in pas¬ 
tures, the blotches of green woods 
and cultivated fields that rolled in 


gentle swells for miles on either side 
of the road. He didn’t fit in with 
the specks of white that were the 
distant farmhouses and only signs 
of civilization in the countryside. 

There was nothing rural about 
Ken Boyce. The smart snap-brim, 
the impeccable pin-striped grey flan¬ 
nel suit that clung trimly to his tall, 
well knitted frame suggested Park 
Avenue, extravagant tips to taxi 
drivers and expensive hotels. The 
.38 Colt automatic in the holster 
under his left shoulder suggested 
business. 


An Insurance Detective Tries for a Long 


76 











Mone y Heels Who Infest the Highway s! 



across the open road 


INSURANCE 


There was the sound of a car 
coming from behind. Boyce turned 
eagerly to meet it, started to hoist 
his thumb after the inveterate man¬ 
ner of a hitch-hiker. Muttering in 
disgust he dropped his thumb and 
let the car go by without hailing it. 
It was a rattletrap Model T with a 
corpulent, red-faced farmer sitting 
rigidly behind the wheel. 

Boyce cursed softly. There wasn’t 
any use bumming a ride from that 
kind of a setup. He wanted the 
bigger cars that looked expensive 
to operate. The guy who drove that 


kind would have dough, and if he’d 
made his dough anywhere around 
this hick district he’d just be sucker 
enough and soft enough to pick up a 
stranger. Especially when the 
stranger didn’t look like a bum. 

Still swearing softly, he stamped 
his feet on the macadam of the 
highway to get the dust off his 
shoes. Ken Boyce prided himself 
on his ability to dress. It was his 
weakness. He liked expensive clothes 
and he liked expensive shoes. These 
shoes, for instance, these custom- 
made, full-brogued shoes had cost 


Shot—and Gets a Swell Close-Up! 


77 






















78 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


him forty-five bucks. There was 
only one shop in New York that 
sold them, an ultra smart shop that 
he cheerfully frequented whenever 
he had any money and could buy 
good shoes. 

He cursed the quiet serenity of 
the countryside. It got on his nerves. 
He cursed the fact that he’d spent 
two of his last twelve bucks for bus 
fare to this hell-forsaken farm dis¬ 
trict. He ought to have known bet¬ 
ter than to attempt a job like this 
on his own. When he’d climbed out 
of the bus three or four miles back 
at some jerk-water little burg, he 
should have turned around and gone 
back to New York instead of hiking 
down this placid, deserted highway. 

Hell, he wasn’t even sure that this 
was the right spot. It was just a 
wild surmise he’d had, picking this 
spot. The racket had worked once 
before here and he saw no reason 
why it wouldn’t work again. 

H E heard the sound of another 
car behind him. If it weren’t for 
the fact that he had ten bucks be¬ 
tween him and a vacuum stomach, 
and the fact that he was in bad with 
Kelly because big shot Ace Daggert 
had put another one over on him 
and monopolized every racket—hell, 
if it weren’t for Daggert, Ken Boyce 
knew he’d never even have attempted 
this long-shot job. 

Boyce had to admire Daggert, be¬ 
cause the big-time racketeer was a 
dresser like himself. He liked ex¬ 
pensive clothes too, had earned his 
nick-name “Ace” because of his ex¬ 
travagant taste. But Daggert was a 
racketeer and a killer, and he had 
put one over on Boyce for the last 
time. That was the reason Kelly 
had fired him. And Boyce had fig¬ 
ured if he’d go off on his own and 
pull a job like this successfully, 
maybe Kelly would reinstate him. 
Because this was a job that none of 
Kelly’s boys had been able to pull 
off. 

The car rushed abreast of him. 
Boyce turned languidly, then his 
heart skipped a few strokes. This 
was the kind of car he’d been wait¬ 
ing fori He jerked up his thumb. 


“Hey!” he yelled. “Going my 

way?” 

The big, expensive-looking sedan 
flashed by him. Then he heard the 
sound of brakes, and tires skidding 
on the macadam. The sedan pulled 
to a stop twenty yards in front of 
him and he could see the driver 
turn around and beckon to him 
through the window in the rear. 

Boyce ran to the car, took time 
hastily to brush his immaculate suit 
before he opened the door to the 
front seat 

“Many thanks,” he smiled. “I 
thought I’d never get a lift.” 

The man at the steering wheel 
grinned good-naturedly. 

“Get in,” he said. “I’m going as 
far as Elmsdale. I been home eating 
lunch and I reckon Mary took too 
long to feed me. I got to get back to 
the bank. I’m president of the bank. 
Finest bank in Elmsdale. Only bank 
in Elmsdale. We’re mighty proud of 
it. Get in, friend. Get in.” 

Boyce smiled at the typical lo¬ 
quacity of the obvious small town 
citizen. And yet—and his smile was 
a trifle grim—a banker would be an 
ideal setup for the job. He couldn’t 
have struck it better or luckier. 

He got in beside the rotund, 
jovial-faced little man, and the 
banker started the car again. 

“My name’s Herbert Knox,” the 
little man said. “What you doing 
hiking this highway, friend? You 
look like a city feller. You look like 
those pictures in the fashion maga¬ 
zines. You look like you could af¬ 
ford an airplane ’stead of hoofing 
it.” 

Boyce ignored the man’s affable 
curiosity. He kept his eyes on the 
road as though searching intently 
for something. 

“You pick up strangers like this 
very often?” he said. 

Knox laughed. “I give everybody 
a lift, friend. That’s why people 
keep their money in my bank. I 
trust everybody and they trust me.” 

“But I’m a stranger. I might pull 
a gun on you and frisk you for 
everything you've got.” 

Knox winked out of the comer of 
his eye. 


MURDER INSURANCE 


79 


“Not you,” he laughed. “You 
don’t need money. Not with those 
classy duds. Now if you looked like 
a bum I’d never stopped and picked 
you up.” 

Boyce nodded, eyes still searching 
the road. It was no wonder, he 
thought, the racket had worked in 
this part of the country before. 
People around here were real people, 
honest farmers. They were guile¬ 
less. And this racket was ingenious, 
it had worked on far more sophis¬ 
ticated people than farmers. It was 
a cinch. And if Ken Boyce could 
get into it, then Kelly would give 
him another chance—and another 
chance to get in with Ace Daggert. 

Boyce suddenly started, sat up¬ 
right in the seat. 

Knox whistled, said softly: “I’ll 
be darned!” 

On the right side of the road, 
facing their oncoming car, her 
thumb asking for a lift, was a fem¬ 
inine hitch-hiker. But like Ken 
Boyce, she wasn’t an ordinary hitch¬ 
hiker. She was slim and from that 
distance, beautiful. Her modish 
sport suit had come from a fash¬ 
ionably expensive designer in some 
large city. She looked like a raven¬ 
haired heiress out for a stroll. 

“I got to stop for that girl,” 
Knox said, smiling and jamming on 
the brakes. “She’s a lulu. She looks 
like your class, Mister. Some pump¬ 
kin! Wonder why she wants a 
ride?” 

He backed the car until it came to 
a stop beside the girl. 

“Going my way, ma’am?” he 
asked, smiling. “Glad to give you 
a lift far as Elmsdale.” 

Boyce saw that her clothes were 
not imitation. They were the real 
thing. He appreciated that. He ap¬ 
preciated the brown eyes with an 
iridescent touch of violet in them, 
the small pert nose and the firm red 
lips which smiled a little hesitantly 
as she climbed into the back seat. 

One thing struck him singularly; 
something about her eyes, the way 
she held her lips, indicated that she 
was nervous and tense. More than 
that, she was distraught and afraid, 
though she tried to conceal it. 


As the car started, Boyce threw 
his left arm around the back of the 
seat, half turned and said: 

“You’re a long way from home, 
aren’t you ?” 

She smiled quickly at him. 

“Yes I am—a little.” 

“New York?” 

She hesitated a moment, then 
said: “Yes.” 

“Now you take New York,” Knox 
began. “I only been to it once, 
but—” 

B OYCE’S even tones interrupted 
him as he addressed the girl. 
"Did you run out of gas or some¬ 
thing?” 

“I—I’m going home,” she said. 
“I was in a show in New York and 
it closed. I couldn’t get anything 
else to do so I started home. I came 
as far as I could on the bus before 
I—before I ran out of money. There 
was nothing else to do and I thought 
perhaps I could catch rides.” 

“Say, now!” Knox began again 
sympathetically. “That’s mighty 
tough.” 

But again Boyce cut him short. 
“Where is your home?” 

“In—in Maryland.” 

“That’s going to be a long walk 
if you don’t catch a good many long 
rides.” 

“Yes. Yes, but it’s the only thing 
I can do.” 

Boyce watched her. She was bit¬ 
ing her delicate underlip. He knew 
she was lying. She had answered 
him as though she were reciting 
lines that someone had forced her 
to memorize. But he liked her. She 
was beautiful, but she had a lot 
more than just beauty—and she was 
deathly afraid. 

He knew busses ran only twice a 
day through this part of New Jer¬ 
sey. And she hadn’t been on his 
bus. If she’d come on the one early 
that morning it had taken her an 
awfully long time to walk this far. 

But he liked her. He liked the 
way her eyes seemed to reach out 
to him and appeal in a mutely 
ashamed way for help. For some 
reason he knew he’d help her just 
as he knew she was trying her ut- 


80 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


most to be honest with him and was 
afraid to be. 

Knox started to say something 
over his shoulder as he gave the car 
more gas. And then he uttered an 
alarmed cry and the car jolted and 
swerved violently as he applied the 
brakes with all his strength. 

Ken Boyce swung around and his 
eyes widened. Instinctively he stiff¬ 
ened his legs against the floor-board 
as a futile shock absorber. He heard 
the girl gasp with a frightened in¬ 
take of breath that ended in a little 
sob. 

Knox had been doing close to 
fifty. They were going through a 
section of the road that was bor¬ 
dered by a green woods on each 
side. Directly ahead was a little 
cross-road that was concealed on 
both sides of the highway by the 
trees. A conscientious but inconsid¬ 
erate State Highway commissioner 
had placed a “Stop” sign on the 
highway so that, like in so many 
countryside counties, the insignifi¬ 
cant little cross-road traffic had the 
right of way! 

S HOOTING out from this inter¬ 
section was a disreputable touring 
car, the driver taking his time, as 
though unaware of the head-on col¬ 
lision ! 

Knox had his brakes down to the 
floor, but the car shrieked as its 
impetus carried it skidding forward, 
'they were going to smash and it 
seemed nothing could prevent it. 

Boyce heard Knox’s frightened 
squeal, he heard the whimper of the 
girl behind him. He couldn’t close 
his eyes. Dread of the inevitable 
crash looming in front kept them 
wide open, staring. It enabled him 
to see the sudden, expert maneuver 
by the other driver at the last split 
second. The man sent his car leap¬ 
ing ahead so that his left rear fen¬ 
der was torn away by Knox’s left 
front fender. That, apparently, was 
the only damage done. 

Knox managed to bring his car 
to a stop fifteen yards down the 
road. For a moment he was too 
frightened to move. Boyce glanced 
back quickly to see if the girl was 


all right. Her face was white but 
otherwise she appeared to be un¬ 
hurt. 

“Better back up,” he said quietly 
to Knox. “The other fellow is get¬ 
ting out of his car.” 

There was a strange expression 
on Ken Boyce’s lean face; an odd 
triumph was there and disappoint¬ 
ment, too. The disappointment reg¬ 
istered plainly when he shot the girl 
another quick glance. 

Knox backed the car and he and 
Boyce got out. The man coming to¬ 
ward them was a brute of a fellow, 
with barrel chest and long, thick 
arms and legs. There was an ugly 
expression on his face as he tow¬ 
ered over Knox. 

“Look what you done, squirt!” he 
said succinctly. “Tore the fender 
off my buggy. An’ you mighta killed 
me if I hadn’t done some quick 
thinkin’.” 

“Your thinking was a little too 
quick, wasn’t it?” Boyce asked 
quietly. “Sort of as if you knew 
exactly what you were doing.” 

The man whirled on Boyce. 

“You keep outa this. This little 
squirt damn near killed me. He 
busted up my car. I guess he must 
be blind, or else he didn’t pay no 
attention to that ‘Stop’ sign.” 

Knox was frightened but he made 
a commendable effort to draw him¬ 
self up. 

“Listen, Mister. I been drivin’ 
this here road for forty—” 

“Never mind what you been do¬ 
ing. You wrecked my car an’ any 
court’ll award me any damages I 
ask. Got that? But I’ll be soft on 
you an’ take a hundred bucks an’ 
call it square. Understand?” 

Knox suddenly put his hand in his 
pocket and drew out some bills. 

“I’ll give you fifty, friend. And 
that’s too darned much.” 

“A hundred, squirt. Or I’ll collect 
plenty in court and you’ll collect a 
sentence.” 

Knox’s florid face went redder. 

“I got a reputation to think of,” 
he said slowly. “I’m a bank presi¬ 
dent. I don’t want any scandal. 
Here’s your hundred. Now go away, 
and—” 


MURDER INSURANCE 


81 


“Okay, squirt,” the man said, tak¬ 
ing the money. “Never mind the 
orders. You’re lucky to get off this 
easy.” 

CHAPTER II 

Hitch-hiker’s Racket 

EN BOYCE had 
walked over to 
Knox’s car. He 
watched while the 
girl got shakily out 
of the car. She re¬ 
fused his proffered 
arm of assistance. 
She leaned against 
the car, rubbing her 
forehead with her 
hand. 

“My head,” she murmured. “It’s 
my head.” 

“You were okay a minute ago,” 
Boyce said callously. 

She glanced at him sharply; for 
a moment there was panic in her 
eyes. Then she began rubbing her 
head again. 

“Something’s happened to my 
head,” she said. “I must have hit 
it against the front seat when we 
stopped so suddenly. It hurts.” Her 
voice trailed off in a bewildered, 
dazed way. 

“What’s your name?” Boyce said 
abruptly. 

He knew she answered spontane¬ 
ously, before she had any time to 
think. 

“Adelaide Page.” Then she real¬ 
ized she had been trapped and she 
tried quickly to cover up. “No. No, 
that’s not my real name. I use that 
sometimes on the stage. My name’s 
—Joan Brown.” 

“Why,” asked Boyce sardonically, 
“do people always say Brown or 
Smith when they’re lying about their 
names. I guess it’s the first thing 
comes into their heads.” 

“That—that’s my name.” She 
had been fumbling with her hand¬ 
bag. She took out a pencil and 
paper, called to Knox to come over. 
The little banker left his argument 
with the big man, came over. 

“What’s your name?” Adelaide 
Page said. 


“I’m Herbert Knox. Sorry if I’ve 
caused you—” 

“Let me see your license, Mr. 
Knox.” 

Eyeing her with a puzzled expres¬ 
sion, the little man took out his 
wallet. She copied the details of his 
license on her paper. 

“You’ll hear from me—through 
my lawyer, Mr. Knox,” she said. 

Knox gaped at her. “Why—why 
I don’t see—” he stuttered. 

The girl, Boyce saw, was making 
a desperate attempt to keep the 
fright out of her voice, keep it slow 
and steady, but it faltered a little. 

“Mr. Knox, there is a law”—she 
sounded as though she were reciting 
again and hated to do it—“there 
is a law that makes the owner and 
driver of a car responsible for any 
person he is carrying with him. No 
matter who it is. If that passen¬ 
ger is in any way injured the driver 
is responsible and liable to a dam¬ 
age suit. I have hurt my head. 
How badly I don’t know. But I am 
going to sue you for exactly one 
hundred thousand dollars.” 

“But—but,” spluttered Knox, “it 
wasn’t my fault. This man—” 

“This man”—she nodded to the 
driver of the other car—“will be a 
witness to the fact that I was in¬ 
jured while you were taking his 
right of way and smashing his car.” 

Ken Boyce looked at her. The en¬ 
tire setup was one of the neatest 
rackets he had ever heard of. This 
was what he had been expecting. 
She had Knox dead to rights, and 
the big man would be her witness. 
It was a racket that even Ace Dag- 
gert would be proud to work. And 
now Boyce had it by the horns. He 
was glad of that. 

Kelly would be glad and would 
give him back his job for breaking 
into this racket. He had Knox for 
a witness. The only thing was the 
girl. Somehow he detected a note of 
revulsion for her job in her attitude. 
She was going through with it be¬ 
cause she had to. Something was 
going to happen to her if she didn’t. 
He reached in his pocket, produced 
his wallet. 

“Okay, Adelaide. It’s all over 







82 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


with now. You made a nice attempt 
but it didn’t work. I’ll take that 
paper you have. It can be used as 
evidence.” He showed her his open 
wallet. 

She looked at the card inside, then 
up at him. Terror had come into 
her eyes. For a moment he thought 
she was going to cry. 

“You,” she whispered, “you are 
a—” 

“That’s right. Special investiga¬ 
tor for the Consolidated Insurance 
Company. We’ve been trying to 
break this racket of yours for a long 
time. But you and your bunch have 
been too clever. Kelly, my chief, 
had just about given it up and Con¬ 
solidated has been forced to pay out 
to you for its clients because of lack 
of evidence. But I thought you’d 
try it again and this time I hit the 
right spot.” 

S HE had recoiled as his words 
lashed out in a low, incisive tone. 
Even as he spoke he could not be¬ 
lieve that she was a part of the 
scheme of which he was accusing 
her. Not with her face, not with 
her eyes which were frightened and 
bewildered and seemed to look to 
him for help. But he made himself 
go on, his voice still caustic. 

“Yeah, Miss Adelaide Page, you 
and your bunch have a sweet racket 
—or you had, because I’m going to 
bust it wide open and this time I 
have Mr. Herbert Knox to testify 
as my witness.” 

He noticed that the girl’s eyes 
were darting across the road to where 
a wagon path disappeared into a 
thick clump of woods. He glanced 
at the path, saw nothing, but his 
hand went under his coat and de¬ 
liberately he brought out his .38 
automatic. 

He saw that now the big man had 
moved close to them and the girl 
was looking at his scowling face 
with a mixture of panic and appeal 
in her glance. He held the Colt in 
an apparently careless position at 
his side as he went on talking: 

“Mr. Knox is just one of many 
of your victims. You, Adelaide, as 
a pretty girl, are used as bait. You 


walk along a road, wait until an 
expensive car comes along and catch 
a ride. Immediately you are in the 
car the driver becomes responsible 
and liable for your personal secu¬ 
rity. That’s a law the average man 
doesn’t know exists. You as his pas¬ 
senger, can collect any amount of 
damages you want, providing you 
get a shyster lawyer to prove you 
were hurt. So one of your mob is 
planted down the road and at the 
opportune time he slightly smashes 
into the car you’re in, taking care he 
has the right of way. Then you 
pull your stunt and you have your 
victim practically helpless. And 
Consolidated has been paying out 
hundreds of thousands of dollars to 
their clients Who have been—” 

The girl’s eyes had widened and 
were staring across at the wagon 
path. She gave a little gasp of 
fright, started to move. For an in¬ 
stant Boyce’s eyes flicked to the 
path. He saw three men rushing out 
of the woods, ugly, short-snouted 
revolvers in their hands. Then his 
head rocked, snapped back, and he 
felt himself sprawling on his back, 
his automatic skidding from his 
hand. 

The big man had waited for his 
chance and his huge fist had caught 
Ken Boyce’s jaw during the split 
second interval the insurance. in¬ 
vestigator had glanced at the path. 

The man had grabbed Adelaide’s 
hand, was rushing her across the 
road to his rickety touring car. A 
gun had appeared in his hand and 
as Ken scrambled for his own Colt, 
the big man threw a shot at him 
from over his shoulder. The lead 
splattered into the macadam at 
Boyce’s knees. He found his gun, 
raised it, was aiming at the man 
when a sudden fusillade of shots 
snapped and barked around him. 
The three men wefe firing as they 
ran for the touring car. 

“Get behind your car!” Boyce 
called to Knox. 

The little banker stood in the 
open, dazed, his mouth sagging with 
fright. He did not seem to hear the 
Special Investigator’s brittle com¬ 
mand. He looked uncertainly from 


MURDER INSURANCE 


83 


the big man, who was dragging the 
girl into the disreputable car, to the 
three who were charging across the 
road, guns flaming as they ran. 

Boyce’s automatic bucked his 
palm twice and one of the men 
pitched forward on his face. The 
other two succeeded in making it to 
the car, which they stood behind and 
used as a barricade while their re¬ 
volvers blasted lead across the open 
road. 

Knox had miraculously escaped 
being hit so far, but he stood in 
frozen fright, unable to move while 
shots splattered his own car three 
feet behind him. Ken Boyce, crouch¬ 
ing behind the radiator, saw that 
the little man was not going to run 
to cover. He edged along the fender, 
suddenly leaped for Knox. 

Even as he reached him, the 
banker cried out and slipped side¬ 
ward to the road, his mouth flecked 
with red, two black-edged holes in 
his throat. He was dead by the 
time his loose body sprawled out on 
the macadam. 

A CRY of rage escaped Ken Boyce’s 
lips as the little man fell at 
his feet. Knox had been an inno¬ 
cent bystander as well as Boyce’s 
sole witness. Now he was dead, vic¬ 
tim of the racket. 

A bullet tore away the cloth un¬ 
der Boyce’s armpit as he leaped 
back to the safety of Knox’s car. He 
heard the whir of the touring car’s 
starter, the roar of the engine as the 
big man jammed it into gear. The 
car spurted forward, then stopped 
abruptly as Boyce sent a bullet into 
the big man’s head. He slumped 
over the wheel and Boyce had a 
fleeting glimpse of the girl pushing 
him to one side. 

The car’s unexpected movement 
had left the two gunmen in the 
open road, unprotected by its ton¬ 
neau. Boyce’s automatic jetted flame 
and one of them spun forward on 
his chest, his head lolling to one 
side. The investigator’s gun came 
up once more, drew a bead on the 
remaining man. 

But Ken Boyce didn’t fire. The 
man was hesitating, his face turned 


toward the girl in the touring car, 
listening. Boyce saw that he was 
young, with a mop of blond hair and 
a weak, but handsome face. The 
girl was talking to him rapidly, her 
face white, body tensed as she 
crouched behind the steering wheel. 

Suddenly the young fellow nodded 
to her, threw down his revolver, and 
started across the road toward the 
insurance investigator, his hands in 
the air. 

Ken Boyce stood up, his automatic 
raised. Almost as though an un¬ 
canny sixth sense had aided his 
vision, he suddenly was aware of 
three things happening simultane¬ 
ously. The girl bent low over the 
wheel, her foot frantically searching 
for the self-starter; the blond young 
man advancing unarmed across the 
road; and back where the wagon 
path entered the woods a man ap¬ 
pearing. 

Thinking it a ruse to detract his 
attention, Boyce drew a bead on the 
blond fellow’s chest. 

“Hold it!” he shouted. “Stop there 
and keep your hands up!” 

The youth kept on coming, terror 
written across his pallid face. Then 
suddenly there was blood on his 
mouth, dripping over his lower lip 
and chin, and he sank to his knees. 
Boyce heard the hysterical scream 
of the girl as she straightened up 
from the wheel and saw the blond 
man drop. Then he swiveled his 
gun to meet the figure standing at 
the mouth of the wagon path. 

He never saw the figure clearly. 
It became a blur that he could not 
distinguish from the trunks of the 
trees behind it. He was sinking 
crazily to his knees, a hot pain at 
the side of his head where a bullet 
had ripped. His gun slipped to the 
macadam and he groped blindly for 
it, laughing half-hysterically with 
pain as he noticed the suit he took 
such pride in was torn and dusty, 
the expensive shoes that could be 
bought at only one store were 
scarred and creased where lead had 
flicked them. 

He had his gun in.his hand, was 
trying to straighten up, clear his 
head in order to find the figure of 


84 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


the man who had shot him. He got 
to his knees, tried to push himself 
up with one hand, then saw a man’s 
feet planted squarely in front of 
him. 

Too late he tried to jerk his head 
away from what he knew was com¬ 
ing. He felt the splitting thump of 
a revolver butt against the back of 
his head and after that there was 
no feeling at all. 



CHAPTER III 
Accused 

ROWNING, Kelly, 
chief of the Consoli¬ 
dated Insurance 
Special Investigators, 
shook his black head 
vigorously, his bleak 
blue eyes snapping. 

“You had a chance 
to turn a trick that 
would have put you 
in solid with your job, 
Boyce,” he rapped. 
“And you would have put all of us 
in solid with Consolidated. None of 
us has been able to break that racket 
and here you have the chance and 
you let it slip through your fingers. 
No wonder I won’t give you your 
job back.” 

Ken Boyce stood before his chief 
and rubbed his forehead with his 
hand. It was bandaged, his face was 
bleak and tired-looking, his suit was 
torn and disheveled. 

“Look, Chief,” he muttered, “it 
took two bucks to ride back here 
on the bus. I’ve only got eight left, 
and that’s every cent I’ve got in the 
world. You can’t expect me to fol¬ 
low this case up with only eight 
bucks. Give me my job back and 
an advance on my sal—” 

“Advance!” Kelly roared. “Listen, 
you haven’t got a job so you can’t 
have an advance! How you going 
to follow up this case anyway? 
What have you got to go on? Noth¬ 
ing! Nothing but the fact that a 
guy named Knox was found shot to 
death beside his car. Sure, there 
were bullet Scars on his car and it 
looked like a gun battle, but what 
can you prove? They found him 


dead and they found you alive. Hell, 
I’d been just as satisfied if it had 
been the other way around!” 

“What chance did I have against 
five mugs—all with gats spitting at 
me? I think I did pretty well con¬ 
sidering—” 

“Five guys! Five! There wasn't 
anybody there except you and 
Knox!” 

“Naturally. Whoever it was 
clipped me on the head, dumped the 
other stiffs into the car, took the 
girl and drove away. All I’ve got 
to do is find the guy that clipped 
me and I’ll have the racket tied up 
in knots. Because he’s the big shot, 
the guy behind the whole works.” 

Kelly’s bleak eyes went colder. 
His voice was thin with sarcasm. 

“Yeah, all you’ve got to do is 
find the guy who clipped you. There 
are only seven million souls in this 
city, so it won’t be too difficult for 
the great detective Boyce to pick the 
right guy out of seven million.” 

Ken Boyce bent over the desk. 
His tired eyes had a strange light 
in them. 

“Chief, I know where to find that 
guy. I can find him.” 

“Yeah, you can find him!” 

“Besides, there’s that girl. Some¬ 
how I don’t believe she fits in with 
that bunch of hoodlums. She sort of 
asked me for help in a silent way.” 

“Oh, she sort of asked you for 
help in a silent way!” 

“Yes. And I believe I can help 
her. I can get to the bottom of the 
racket, and that will help her.” 

Kelly stood up, his blue eyes 
frosty. 

“Get out of here, Boyce. You’re 
crazy. You’ve failed on this assign¬ 
ment just as you failed on the as¬ 
signments I gave you to nab Ace 
Daggert. You’re through. Get out.” 

Ken looked at his former chief 
for a long moment, his cobalt eyes 
defiant. Then he walked to the door 
of the office, turned. 

“Okay, Chief,” he said. “If that’s 
how you want it, that’s how you 
want it. But”—there was an odd, 
confident smile on his firm lips— 
“you’re going to be in for a sur¬ 
prise. A good one. You put up a 





MURDER INSURANCE 


85 


big kick about Daggert, and you 
kicked about this insurance racket 
—and not you nor any of your men 
could get to either. I’ve got a hunch 
you’ll give me my job back and a 
bonus to spare when I come in with 
both Daggert and this racket!” 

“Get out of here, Boyce, before 
you get me as goofy as you are!” 

“Okay, Chief. Okay.” 

Boyce didn’t waste any time. He 
caught a Fifth Avenue bus and 
stayed on it until he reached Forty- 
second Street. Then he got off and 
walked midway down the block on 
Fifth until he came to a fashionable 
shop with a sign over the small 
doorway: 

Essex Boots for Gentlemen 

He went in. One of the clerks in 
a cutaway hurried up to him, smiled. 

“How d’ you do, Mr. Boyce,” he 
murmured. “Something I can do for 
you?” 

B OYCE nodded, his eyes encom¬ 
passing the smart glass cases dec¬ 
orated with ultra-expensive shoes of 
all models. 

“Yeah, tell Mr. Wilke I’d like to 
see him.” 

The clerk looked surprised and a 
trifle hurt. 

“The manager, Mr. Boyce? Is 
something unsatisfactory? I’m cer¬ 
tain I will do my best.” 

“Just tell Mr. Wilke I want to 
see him.” 

The clerk hurried away. In a few 
minutes, Mr. Wilke, small and dap¬ 
per, appeared. 

“Something wrong, Mr. Boyce? 
Or is it that you wish a specially 
constructed model? I hope you were 
pleased with those Scotch-grained 
sports that you bought? Ah, I see 
you have them on and they look as 
though they had been through the 
wars. Is it—” 

“Listen, Mr. Wilke. This is the 
only shop in town sells the kind of 
shoe I have on, isn’t it?” 

Mr. Wilke looked pained. 

“The only shop in the country, Mr. 
Boyce! We are proud of the dis¬ 
tinction.” 


“Well, look. Can you gire me a 
list of the men who have bought 
this kind of shoes in the last month! 
It’s important.” 

Mr. Wilke studied his nails for a 
moment. Then: 

“You are some sort of detective, 
Mr. Boyce. I will go so far as to 
disregard the rules of the store for 
that reason. If you will come with 
me—” 

Ken Boyce grinned. He thought 
of Ace Daggert and his reputation 
as a dresser. He thought of the 
feet he had glimpsed just before that 
gun-butt had descended on his head; 
he remembered the shoes. Those 
brogues were the same, he remem¬ 
bered, as his own. 

And he figured there was only 
one place in town where they could 
be bought. He smiled again and fol¬ 
lowed Mr. Wilke into the adjoining 
office— 

He had something less than eight 
dollars left when he came out of 
the subway at Seventh-ninth and 
walked over to West End Avenue. 
He stopped in front of an imposing, 
grey-stone facaded apartment house. 
Down the street he could see a strip 
of Riverside Drive as it wended its 
way along the bank of the Hudson. 
This was a section of wealth. Only 
the rich could afford apartments in 
these buildings. 

Boyce adjusted the gun in his 
shoulder holster, taking care that 
the uniformed doorman did not see 
his action. Then he went through 
the glass doors, across the luxurious, 
intimate lobby to the desk. The 
clerk was busy at the moment with 
a register book and Boyce turned 
his back, leaned against the desk 
and waited patiently. 

He straightened up, stared for a 
split second with mingled surprise 
and pleasure as she came in, then 
turned his face away quickly so she 
wouldn’t see. It was Adelaide Page 
and the girl went straight for the 
elevators. Boyce sauntered after 
her. 

“Sorry to keep you waiting, sir,” 
the clerk called after him. “May I 
help, you ?” 

“No, thanks,” Boyce said out of 


86 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


the side of his mouth. “I can find 
my way now.” 

The girl was staring fixedly at her 
feet, face taut, eyes a little glazed 
with pain and what Boyce thought 
might be sorrow. Something in his 
throat tightened as he watched her. 
He didn’t want to see her hurt this 
way, she didn’t deserve it. She was 
too good to look at, something about 
her was too instinctively fine. 

She didn’t belong in any kind of 
rotten racket. He felt a sudden im¬ 
pulse to tell her so, to tell her he 
was trying to help her, to take her 
in his arms and tell her not to 
worry. He looked away. 

The elevator door opened and she 
stepped in. Boyce decided to get in 
with her and risk the chance of her 
recognizing him before she had led 
him to the apartment. Unless he 
gave the nature of his business to 
the clerk at the desk he would never 
be given the apartment number. 
And Adelaide appeared so despon¬ 
dent and preoccupied that he did not 
think she would even glance at him. 
She didn’t. 

On the sixth floor she got out. He 
waited until she had walked part of 
the way down the red-carpeted cor¬ 
ridor, then followed her at a re¬ 
spectful distance. 

S TILL oblivious of anything but the 
thoughts preying so despairingly 
on her mind, the girl stopped in 
front of one of the mahogany doors, 
extended her hand to the brass 
knocker. For a moment she hesi¬ 
tated, as though trying to make up 
her mind or steel herself for an 
unpleasant ordeal. A look of grim 
determination flashed over her pale 
face and she reached resolutely for 
the knocker. 

“Wait!” Ken Boyce said softly. 
“Wait, Adelaide. Don’t go in there. 
Let me talk to you first.” 

She spun around, frightened. As 
she recognized him her expression 
changed, and hatred suddenly took 
the place of fear. The violet in her 
eyes seemed to grow black, the nos¬ 
trils of the delicate nose flared. Her 
voice was virulent and husky with 
restrained rage. 


“What do you want? What are 
you doing here— killer!” 

Her abrupt vehemence caught 
Boyce unawares. 

“I don’t—” he murmured. “What 
are you—” 

“Haven’t you done enough?” the 
girl whispered hoarsely. “I thought 
at first I could trust you. Somehow 
I thought you stood for what is 
honorable and clean.” 

“But I don’t see—” 

“You turned out to be more of a 
—a rat, a coward than any of those 
animals I was with! You’re a cow¬ 
ard and a killer!” 

K EN BOYCE shook his head. “I 
don’t understand what you mean. 
Adelaide. But I do know that I 
want to help you. I wanted to yes¬ 
terday. I want to now. That’s one 
of the reasons I’m here. You must 
believe that. I can help you if you’ll 
let me—if you’ll trust me.” 

She looked at him intently, her 
eyes softening a trifle. Then they 
glinted again and her voice was 
hard. 

She said: 

“How can I trust a coward! A 
man who would mercilessly shoot 
down an unarmed man—hardly 
more than a boy!” 

“Adelaide! What do you mean? 
I didn’t shoot down—” 

She moved closer to him, her eyes 
flashing, her breath coming sharply 
between her words. 

“Yes, you did! The blond young 
man who talked to me—the one I 
convinced to go to you and surren¬ 
der— because he was young and 
weak and because he wasn’t bad but 
frightened. He did what I told him. 
He threw away his gun, started 
across the road to you, and you— 
you shot my brother without giving 
him a chance!” 

All the emotion of her hatred 
seemed to ebb as the scene was re¬ 
called to her mind, and suddenly she 
was crying, sobbing softly as she 
swayed back against the wall of the 
corridor, her hands covering her 
face, her bosom rising and falling 
as the sobs caught in her throat. 
Pain and bewilderment etched 



MURDER INSURANCE 


87 


Ken Boyce’s face. He moved close to 
her. 

“I didn’t know he was your 
brother, Adelaide. And I didn’t shoot 
him. You know that. You must 
know it. It was someone else’s bul¬ 
let, not mine.” 

Slowly she looked up at him, her 
eyes wet, Hie catch still in her 
throat. 

“But if you didn’t shoot Ted, who 
—who did?” 

Boyce took both her hands in his 
and pressed them. 

“I’m going to find out,” he said 
softly. “I believe the man who shot 
your brother was the man who came 
out of that wagon path when it was 
almost all over, the same man who 
clipped me on the head, the same 
man whom I’ve been trying to nab 
for a long time, the man who owns 
this apartment inside—Ace Dag- 
gert.” 

T HE girl caught her breath 
sharply. “But—but he wouldn’t 
shoot Ted. Ted was working for 
him. Ted was one of Ace’s men. 
Ace wouldn’t shoot one of his own 
men.” 

“Ace saw that you had convinced 
your brother to surrender to me. 
Ace didn’t want that. That would 
be living evidence against him. Be¬ 
fore he’d let that happen he—” 
Boyce broke off significantly. Then 
he looked intently at the girl. 

“You can trust me, Adelaide,” he 
said softly. “You’ve got to believe 
that. I’m in a jam as much as you 
are. If I don’t get Daggert, I don’t 
get my job back, and that means I 
don’t eat. You’ve got to help me, 
stick by me. I’ll see us both through 
this mess.” 

She nodded, took out her hand¬ 
kerchief and dabbed her eyes. 

“I trust you,” she whispered. 
“For some reason I do trust you.” 

“Adelaide, why are you in with 
this racket? And why was your 
brother in it—with Daggert?” 

The girl held her taut throat as 
though to loosen it. 

“Because Ted,” she said slowly, 
“was in a street brawl once. He 
was drunk; he and another man 


fought. He beat the man badly— 
and the man died in a hospital later. 
My brother wasn’t caught, but one 
of Daggert’s men saw the fight. 
Daggert used that to hold over Ted’s 
head; made him work all the society 
rackets for him. Ted couldn’t get 
away.” 

“But you?” 

She closed her eyes, then opened 
them and looked at him. 

“I don’t have anything to do with 
Daggert. Please believe that. The 
girl who was supposed to do my 



part in this insurance holdup could 
not show up. Ace Daggert forced 
Ted under threat of exposing him, 
to make me work as a substitute. 
You see, Ace likes—he thinks he—” 

“I see. Daggert’s in love with 
you.” 

“Yes.” 

“And you?” Boyce’s voice was 
tight. 

“My brother was killed yester¬ 
day. There is no further reason 
for me to obey Daggert. I was going 
in to tell him I was through when 
you saw me.” 

Ken Boyce breathed easier. He 
turned and looked at the door. 

“Stick with me, Adelaide,” he said 
swiftly. “I might need you to lo¬ 
cate something in this apartment 
for—” 

He stopped abruptly as the door 
swung inward and a man came out. 
The man was abnormally thin, ab¬ 
normally tall. He was dressed in 
black, had a brutally ascetic face, 
long and thin, with scraggy jaw. He 
carried a physician’s black case with 
him. At sight of the man, the girl 
drew back and uttered a sharp ex¬ 
clamation of surprise. 

“Doctor Tolmanl” 


S8 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


CHAPTER IV 

Bullet Search 

HE physician’s 
thick eyebrows went 
down in a frown 
as he recognized 
Adelaide Page. 
Then a perfunctory 
smile asserted it¬ 
self. 

“How do you do, 
Miss Page. Coinci¬ 
dence meeting you 
here. Just attend¬ 
ing one of my patients. Shall 
I—” 

Hurriedly he made a move to go 
back into the apartment and close 
the door. Ken Boyce grasped him 
roughly by the shoulder, swung him 
into the hall. 

“Go on, Tolman. Keep on going, 
you aren’t going back in there and 
warn anybody I’m here. Keep 
going.” 

Dr. Tolman glanced at the size 
of Boyce’s knotted fists, muttered 
something under his breath, then 
hurried down the hall and rang for 
the elevator. When the car appeared 
he got into it and Boyce saw by the 
indicator that it didn’t stop until 
it reached the first floor. 

“How’d you know him?” he whis¬ 
pered to the girl, his hand on the 
knob of the half closed door. He 
knew he would have to move fast 
now, before the man with the phy¬ 
sician’s bag should get to a tele¬ 
phone. 

“He’s the doctor who signed my 
brother’s death certificate,” Ade¬ 
laide said, her voice low. 

Boyce frowned. “That’s not all 
he is. He’s a quack—a fake doctor. 
He lost his license a long time ago. 
He’s also a mortician. That’s how 
he makes his money. He’s a mem¬ 
ber of Daggert’s mob.” 

“But Ted!” the girl cried. “I left 
him at Tolman’s—” 

“We’ll attend to that later. I’ve 
got to take a look at Ted. We have 
to go in here. Keep your chin up 
and trust me.” 

He took out his automatic .38, 
gently kicked the door open and 


went in. The girl followed close be¬ 
hind him. 

The door opened into a small al¬ 
covelike hallway which was empty. 
They emerged into a large luxuri¬ 
ous dining room, also empty. Three 
doors led off from the dining room. 
Boyce contemplated them, undecided. 
The girl indicated one of the doors. 

“That’s the living room,” she whis¬ 
pered. “That’s where he’ll most 
likely be.” 

Boyce nodded. He moved silently 
to the door, turned the knob. The 
door swung inward and he went in 
with it. It was a living room, done 
on an elaborate scale, its modern 
chromium and enamel appointments 
blending in good taste with the 
multi-colored books row upon row 
in the tall shelves that clung to the 
four walls. At one end of the room 
was a large flat-topped desk, and be¬ 
hind the desk were long windows 
draped with scarlet and silver varie¬ 
gated curtains. 

“Turn around, Ace,” Boyce said. 
The telephone on the desk started 
ringing shrilly. “And keep away 
from that phone. Tolman’s too late 
to warn you.” 

Ace Daggert’s lean figure, stand¬ 
ing immobile before the window, 
started, then he swung around and 
scowled in surprise at Boyce and the 
girl. His face was bony, his eyes 
small and close together, his dark 
hair coming down to a point on his 
low forehead. He resembled noth¬ 
ing so much as a scrawny, powerful 
demon as he glared from the gun 
in Ken Boyce’s hand to the pale, 
resolute face of the girl— 

He gave one glance toward the 
phone, then shrugged. It stopped 
ringing. Finally a thin, sardonic 
smile creased his lips and he nodded. 

“Hello, Boyce.” 

“I’ve come to get you, Ace. This 
time it’s for keeps.” 

“Get me for what?” 

“For killing a little guy by the 
name of Herbert Knox. For killing 
a boy named Ted Page.” 

Daggert’s smile remained set, 
leathery. His voice was fiat with 
arrogance. 

“Still a sucker, eh, Boyce?” he 





MURDER INSURANCE 


89 


drawled. “Still chasing around try¬ 
ing to pin something on me. Still 
the Boy Scout trying to make good 
and nab the bad man. Why don’t 
you wise up and stop this stuff? 
I’ve made a fool out of you so many 
times I’m getting fed up with it.” 

Ken Boyce’s eyes were hard, his 
voice low and metallic. 

“You were smart yesterday, Ace. 
You stepped out of that woods and 
shot Ted Page when the boy was 
going to come clean and spill the 
works to me. You shot little Knox 
who would have been my witness. 
You packed those stiffs into a car 
and carried them here, disposed of 
them some way—probably as you’ve 
done before—into the river, so that 
when they’re found, if ever, their 
own mothers wouldn’t recognize 
them. Yeah, Ace, you did your usual 
thorough job. But you made one 
mistake. You didn’t kill me.” 

Daggert shrugged, his right hand 
slipping almost imperceptibly to the 
pocket in his dressing gown. • 

“Small thanks I get,” he grinned. 

“You’ll get your thanks—in the 
hot seat. Keep your hand away 
from your pocket.” 

Daggert nodded easily and delib¬ 
erately folded his arms. There was 
a slight, accusing frown on his face 
as his eyes wavered to the girl. 

“What are you doing with this 
two-for-a-nickel insurance detective, 
Adelaide?” he asked. “That’s no 
way to treat me, honey; keeping 
cheap company like that.” 

The girl’s eyes were cold, her 
voice huskier than ever. 

“We’re through, Ace,” she said 
icily. “Through, do you hear? I’ve 
tolerated you. I even memorized 
those lines and played my part in 
that insurance holdup of yours. I 
had to or you would have harmed 
Ted. But yesterday you—you killed 
my brother! Shot him down in 
cold—” 

“Shut up, honey.” Daggert’s small 
eyes were suddenly blazing. The 
vehemence of the girl’s attack had 
disconcerted him for the moment. 
“Who says I shot your brother?” 

“Ken Boyce said—he told me 
that—” 


Daggert’s regained composure had 
put the girl off balance and she fal¬ 
tered. Boyce immediately came to 
her rescue. 

“I said it, Ace. And I can prove 
it. I want the gun you used to kill 
Ted Page. Your bullets weren’t 
found in Herbert Knox. They were 
slugs from the guns of some of your 
dead mobsters. But your bullet will 
be in Ted Page’s body, Ace. And 
I’ll find it because you’re in love 
with Adelaide and you went soft 
and allowed her to place his body 
in Doc Tolman’s mortuary in prep¬ 
aration for a decent burial. That 
slug along with your gun and Ade¬ 
laide’s evidence will be enough to 
electrocute you. I’m coming for 
your gun, Ace. Don’t move your 
hands.” 

I 

AGGERT’S eyes were smolder¬ 
ing, his shoulders heaving under 
his dressing gown. Suddenly, as 
Boyce came toward him, he smiled. 

“Listen, Boyce. If you’re so sure 
I was in on this thing, why don’t 
you call the police?” 

“Because if you used any of your 
usual snake tricks and squirmed out 
of this rap, you could make it plenty 
hot for me for false accusations and 
arrest. You’ve done it before. I’m 
getting the dope this time.” 

“And without that slug and the 
gun you haven’t much of a case?” 

“You know that as well as I do. 
You’re not stupid.” 

Daggert laughed, dryly amused 
and suddenly relieved. 

“Okay, Boy Scout. Take a gander 
at my gun.” 

Carefully Boyce patted the man’s 
figure. The gun in the pocket of 
the dressing gown was the only 
weapon Daggert carried. Boyce 
drew it out and looked at it. It was 
a pocket size .30 caliber automatic. 
Boyce studied it. 

“Somehow, I don’t think this is 
the gun, Ace,” he said. “You’re too 
smart to carry the other one when 
it’s hot. I’ll have a look around.” 

For twenty minutes he searched 
through every conceivable hiding 
place in the apartment. Daggert 
followed him, the sardonic, confident 



90 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


grin on his face. At last Ken gave 
it up. 

“You know of any place he might 
keep it, Adelaide?” he asked the girl. 
“A safe somewhere? A secret place?” 

Daggert’s eyes fixed on Adelaide’s 
face, and there was a tense expres¬ 
sion about his mouth. The girl con¬ 
sidered for a moment, then shook 

h er 

“No,” she said. “I don’t think 
so.” 

Daggert grinned again. 

“On my desk is a box of the .30 
caliber bullets I use for my little 
cannon,” he said. “You can take a 
look at those too, Boy Scout, if you 
think it’ll do you any good.” 

Boyce looked at him. Daggert 
seemed too confident, suddenly too 
sure of himself, as though he had 
successfully pulled the wool over 
Ken Boyce’s eyes and was reveling 
in the thought. Boyce didn’t like 
the setup, but there seemed little he 
could do about it. He was stymied. 

“I’ll look at them, Ace,” he said. 

They went into the living room 
again. Boyce picked up the box of 
cartridges. He emptied some of 
them out in his hand. Then he 
reached over, took a magnifying 
glass from the desk and held it in 
front of one of the bullets. 

“Striations of a slug often tell a 
lot,” he muttered. He put the glass 
back on the table. 

“If you’re all finished, Sherlock,” 
Daggert sneered, “you can hand 
back my gun. And then get out. 
I’m tired of fooling with you. Next 
time you meddle in my affairs I 
won’t be so easy on you.” 

B OYCE put Daggert’s gun on the 
desk, pointed his at the man. 
“We’ll just leave your gun here 
until you escort us to the door, Ace. 
Safety first is a good motto.” 

Daggert turned on his leering 
smile, shrugged, and led them to the 
front door. Boyce looked down at 
Daggert’s feet. 

“Little things lead to big things 
sometimes,” he murmured. “I’m 
glad you wear the same shoe that I 
do: It led me to you. Maybe some 
other little thing will lead you to 


the chair, Ace. Sorry to have 
troubled you. Let's get out of here, 
Adelaide.” 

Daggert’s arrogant grin vanished 
and a scowl appeared. He put his 
bony hand on the girl’s shoulder, 
pulled her back tow T ard him. 

“Adelaide’s not going with you, 
punk. Clear out. Adelaide’s stay¬ 
ing here. Ain’t you, honey?” He 
slipped his arm about her waist. 

The girl’s face was livid. She 
tried to push away. Boyce looked 
at her. 

“Do you want to stay, Adelaide?” 
he said. 

“I never want to see him again!” 
she cried. 

“You heard that, Ace?” 

“Get the hell out of here, Boy 
Scout, before I lose my temper!” 

Deliberately Boyce holstered his 
gun. 

“Okay, Ace,” he said. 

Then his left hand darted out, 
grasped Daggert's shoulder, jerked 
him away from the girl. The special 
investigator’s right fist connected 
with Daggert’s jaw and the sharp, 
powerful impact knocked the rack¬ 
eteer halfway across the room, 
where his back smacked the dining 
table. He sank to the floor, his 
breath wheezing between moans, his 
hands coming up and covering his 
face. 

Boyce and the girl hurried out 
and Boyce rang for the elevator. 
Not until he had hurried her into 
a cab did he speak. 

“What’s the address of the mor¬ 
tuary where your brother was 
taken ?” 

“Eleventh Avenue and Fifty- 
seventh,” she answered, staring at 
him. He gave the driver the ad¬ 
dress, looked out of the window be¬ 
hind as they headed across to upper 
Broadway. 

“We haven’t got much of a start,” 
Boyce said. “Daggert knows where 
we’re going, and he knows where 
Tolman headed straight when there 
was no answer to his phone call. I 
knew there was no danger of Tol- 
man’s coming back himself. He’s 
too much of a coward for that. 
Either he or some of his men will 


MURDER INSURANCE 


91 


follow us—probably get there be¬ 
fore I can find what I want.” 

The girl leaned closer toward him, 
her eyes soft as they looked into 
his. 

“I hope,” she said, “that nothing 
happens to you. Somehow I think 
you’ll win out. I want you to know 
that I trust you.” 

His hand closed over hers. 

“I hope,” he said, “I won’t let 
you down.” 

Doctor Tolman’s mortuary was a 
dreary building of grey stone and 
had been converted from an old- 
fashioned mansion. It had a bleak, 
morbid look about it. Boyce paid 
off the driver and he and the girl 
went in through the open front door. 

Dr. Tolman himself came from 
somewhere in the rear to meet them. 
His ascetic face was fixed in a thin 
smile as he greeted them. He 
showed no sign of surprise at their 
visit. 

“You have come to take a last 
look at your dear brother, no 
doubt,” he said to Adelaide with the 
low, monotonous tone of the pro¬ 
fessional sympathizer, completely 
ignoring their former meeting as 
though it had never happened. 

“Listen, Tolman,” Boyce rapped, 
“forget that stuff. Daggert has 
probably already called you and told 
you to stall us off until he gets here 
or sends somebody for us. So get 
moving.” He went up to Tolman 
and whispered sharply into the lean 
man’s ear. Tolman’s expression was 
pained and shocked. 

“Really, my good fellow. I can’t do 
that. It isn’t ethical and—” 

“Quit stalling, heel,” Boyce said. 
He turned to Adelaide. “I’m whis¬ 
pering because what I have to say 
isn’t pleasant for you to hear.” 

“I think I know,” the girl mur¬ 
mured. “You—you want the bullet 
from—from Ted’s—” 

Boyce nodded. He gave Tolman 
a shove. 

“Get going before I start in the 
strongarm stuff.” 

Boyce was still capitalizing upon 
Tolman’s known cowardice. He knew 
what he was after, but he had to work 
fast to get the necessary evidence. 


CHAPTER V 

Quick Thinking 

HEY moved into a 
dismal, shaded 
room. On a heavy 
table reposed a cas¬ 
ket. A prickle of 
natural distaste for 
things pertaining to 
death etched along 
Ken Boyce’s neck 
and spine. He saw 
the face, white and 
waxen, of a youth 
lying in the casket. 

“All right, Tolman,” he said; “do 
your stuff. I want the bullet from 
Ted Page’s body. I know it’s still 
there. When you forged the death 
certificate I’m pretty sure you did 
not take the trouble to remove the 
slug.” 

He glanced at Tolman when the 
tall man didn’t answer. Then he 
cursed and ducked instinctively. A 
short, barrel-chested man, powerful 
of arm and leg, with the hairy face 
of a gorilla, and wearing an in¬ 
terne’s white coat, was running for 
him, at a crouch. The man’s feet 
had made no sound on the carpeted 
floor. Before Boyce had time to 
move the man had dived at him, the 
full weight of his compact, animal 
body catapulting into the insurance 
investigator’s chest. 

Boyce went down and hit the floor 
hard, knocked breathless from the 
force of the tackle. The man 
squirmed over his body, apelike, his 
muscular arms flaying Boyce’s face 
with blows that rocked his senses. 

Boyce fought back as best he 
could, but he was no match for the 
strength of the gorillalike man, who 
snarled bestially, breathed heavily, 
as he pounded. Suddenly the man 
stopped using his fists, his arms 
went around Boyce’s neck in a hug 
that had him choking from strangu¬ 
lation. 

Red and black jagged spots 
flecked before the investigator’s 
eyes as his throat contracted, and 
what little breath he Pad left began 
to. sear in his chest. He saw Ade¬ 
laide appear at the doorway, heard 






92 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


her stifled scream as she took in the 
situation. He had a glimpse of Tol- 
man darting for her suddenly, 
wrapping his long, bony arms about 
her and dragging her into the room. 

Boyce’s arms flailed the* hairy 
face on the bullet head above him, 
but his blows became weaker as the 
steel bands about his neck contracted 
and shut off every bit of air from his 
scorched lungs. Things began to 
wobble crazily and then the room 
whirled around. 

With a last desperate, convulsive 
wrench of his body he twisted and 
squirmed, managed suddenly to roll 
over, and throw the weight of the 
man off his chest. He felt the man’s 
body jar as it came into violent 
contact with something solid. He 

heard the scraping of wood and 
there was a split second during 

which he knew something had 
moved above him and was going to 
hurl down upon him with devastat¬ 
ing destruction for anything it 
crushed below it. 

It crashed into the bullet head 
that still hung tenaciously above his. 
It sent the wind from Boyce’s lungs 
with a whistling rush. He felt as 
though some giant monster had 

walked upon him. Things went 

black for a moment, then he was 
conscious again and aware of a 
terrific weight mashing him against 
the floor. 

With the weakened strength he 
possessed he managed to twist from 
underneath the weight. He stag¬ 
gered to his feet, hauling out his 
gun and training it on Tolman, tak¬ 
ing a quick glance at his feet as he 
did so. When he had thrown the 
interne with that last wrench of his 
body, the man had crashed into the 
tenuous legs of the table, broken 
one of th%i, and the casket it had 
supported had slid off and fallen 
onto the interne’s head. He lay 
under the big metal box, twisted 
and still. 

“Let her go, Tolman!” Boyce 
clipped. Tolman glared at him and 
released the girl. “Now, get your 
scalpel—or whatever you use—and 
remove that bullet before I throw 
one into you.” 


He followed Tolman into the next 
room with its long white table and 
rows of glistening instruments. Sul¬ 
lenly and deliberately Tolman se¬ 
lected a small, keen-edged scalpel. 
They went back and Tolman bent 
over the casket. The girl gave a 
sharp, pained cry and turned her 
back. 

“For God’s sake,” Boyce rasped, 
“can’t you do that in the next room, 
like you would an autopsy? I don’t 
want Adelaide to see—” 

“T CAN’T! 1 can’t!” Tolman sud- 

1 denly shouted. “It’s got to be 
here!” Then abruptly he resumed 
his suave, urbane manner, and 
added: “Excuse me. What I mean 
is, it won’t take a second. I can 
do it here.” 

Boyce nodded. There was some¬ 
thing strange about that, he thought. 
Tolman was too concerned about 
performing the gruesome post-mor¬ 
tem work without disturbing the 
body. But he said nothing, waited 
until Tolman finally straightened up, 
extended his hand, upon the palm of 
which lay a lead slug. 

Boyce took it. “I want a thick 
glass,” he said. “Any kind of heavy 
drinking glass.” Tolman went into 
the next room and Boyce stood at 
the doorway. “Fill it with water,” 
he commanded. Tolman did so and 
handed it to the investigator. 

Boyce held the slug up against 
the light, put the glass against it, 
magnifying the striations in the 
lead. 

“This slug came from a .32 cali¬ 
ber revolver,” he muttered. “The 
kind I have seen Ace Daggert carry. 
The gun Ace showed me was not 
the gun he used to kill your brother, 
Adelaide.” 

He held the glass against the bul¬ 
let again and the girl looked at it 
with him. 

“If I can only find the gun, I’ll 
have evidence against Ace Daggert 
that will send him to the chair so 
quick—” 

“I’ll show you the gun, Boy Scout. 
And I’ll show you how that gun 
works.” 

Boyce swung around, swore luridly. 


MURDER INSURANCE 


93 


Slowly he let his automatic drop to 
the floor, and looked squarely into 
the small gleaming eyes of Ace Dag- 
gert. Daggert grinned sourly, held 
the gun in his hand on the insurance 
investigator. 

“Tolman, take Adelaide and hold 
her against the wall over there,” he 
rapped. But be sure you don’t ob¬ 
struct her view. There’s something 
going to happen that I want her to 
see. Her boy friend is going to take 
a trip right before her eyes. And 
he’s going to be sent on that trip 
by the same gun he’s been wanting 
to find. How do vou like that, Boy 
Scout?” 

Smiling, he edged over to the 
casket. He bent slightly and his 
hand groped under the half closed 
lid of the casket. It came out hold¬ 
ing a revolver, a revolver that Ken 
Boyce instantly recognized as being 
a .32 caliber type. 

Boyce realized then why Tolman 
had been so reluctant to take the 
lid off the casket, or extract the bul¬ 
let in the other room. 

Daggert slowly pocketed his small 
.30 automatic, then deliberately 
moved close to Ken Boyce, raising 
the revolver until it pointed at the 
investigator’s forehead. 

“I’m going to make it easy on you, 
sucker. I’m going to give it to you in 
the brain where it won’t hurt much. 
It can’t hurt what you haven’t got. 
If you’d had any brains you’d have 
kept your nose out of my business. 
But you had to monkey around till 
you found the gun I killed Page 
with. Now you’ve found it, punk! 
And now you’re going to get it from 
that same gun.” 

The revolver stiffened in Daggert’s 
grasp; His finger grew white as he 
pressed the trigger gently. The sar¬ 
donic smile on his face had become 
fiendish. Boyce’s hands slipped tensely 
to his sides, his fingers grazing the 
outside of his pockets. Suddenly the 
taut lines of his face relaxed and a 
slow r , deliberate grin broke over his 
face. A look of puzzlement and rage 
came over Daggert. 

“You think it’s funny, do you!” he 
roared. “It won’t be funny when—” 

“Save your breath, Ace,” Boyce 


said calmly. "You’re not going to 
harm me with that gun.” 

“I’m not going to— Are you 
crazy?” 

Boyce shook his head, still smil¬ 
ing. The sweat on his forehead be¬ 
lied the coolness of his grin but 
Daggert didn’t notice. 

“Why do you think,” Boyce said 
evenly, “that casket is on the floor? 
Naturally you wouldn’t be able to 
figure that.” 

Daggert’s eyes narrowed with 
suspicion, his voice was hoarse. 

“Why?” 

“Because, like a Boy Scout, I did 
my job thoroughly. I found the 
murder gun!” 

“You found—” 

“Of course. And that’s why you 
are not going to shoot me with it. 
I’m sorry, Ace, but that gun is 
empty. I emptied it ten minutes 
ago!” 

To confirm his words, Boyce 
reached in his pocket, took out four 
bullets and tossed them contemptu¬ 
ously at Daggert’s feet. 

“There are the slugs, Ace. The 
same kind that killed young Page!” 

Daggert’s face went livid. For 
a moment he stared with insane 
rage at the calmly grinning face of 
Ken Boyce. Then he cursed wildly 
and his hand fumbled in his pocket 
for his other gun. 

T HAT was all Boyce needed. He 
dropped to the floor, retrieved 
his own automatic before Daggert’s 
hand came halfway- out of his 
pocket. 

Boyce’s gun lanced flame twice. 
Lead streaked into Ace Daggert’s 
knees. The racketeer screamed, 
sank to the floor, hands clutching 
his wounded knees. Boyce whirled 
in time to see Tolman making a des¬ 
perate leap for the door. Again his 
gun jetted fire and Tolman jerked 
as though he had been stabbed, jack¬ 
knifed to the floor and also clutched 
at his knee while his voice shrilled 
hysterical shrieks. 

Ken Boyce walked over to the 
moaning .Daggert, quietly stooped 
and picked up the racketeer’s re¬ 
volver. He pocketed it. 


94 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


‘‘A little painful, that knee busi¬ 
ness,” he said softly. “But mighty 
effective. And you’ll live, Ace. You 
will be able to walk to the chair.” 


He came over to the girl, took 
her hand in his and squeezed it 
gently. 

“You all right?” 

Her face was white and tired and 
frightened, but her eyes were a 
little misty. She managed to nod. 

“And you?” she murmured. 

He nodded, smiled reassuringly. 

“In the hall you’ll find a phone. 
Better let the police in on this. I’ll 
watch my friends in here.” 

When she came back she had re¬ 
gained her composure. Her voice 
was still husky but a trace of color 
had come back into her cheeks. 

“When,” she asked, “did you get 
the chance to empty that gun?” 

Boyce smiled, shook his head. “I 
didn’t empty it. It was just a bluff. 
And Ace Daggert wasn’t used to 
bluffs. He fell for it.” 


“But the bullets you took from 
your pocket?” 

“They were just like the clue his 
shoes gave me. From them I found 
out where he lived. I told him lit¬ 
tle things often led to big things. 
The bullets I felt in my pocket gave 
me the idea of the bluff. And those 
bullets were the ones that Ace him¬ 
self gave me in his apartment!” 

Adelaide looked up at him, her 
hand in his. The violet had come 
into her eyes again, and a tremu¬ 
lous smile to her lips. 

“Everything is finished now, isn’t 
it?” she said quietly. 

He grinned, drew her close to 
him. 

“No, not everything. First I’ve 
got to see Kelly, that boss of mine. 
I’ve a few things to say to him. 
Then—” For a long moment he 
looked at her squarely. “There will 
be another thing to attend to. A 
very important thing. Only I can’t 
attend to that alone.” 


SIMON TEMPLAR and INSPECTOR TEAL 
MATCH WITS IN 

THE SAINT’S PROGRESS 

A Complete Mystery Novel 

By LESLIE CHARTERIS 

—in Next Month’s Issue of POPULAR DETECTIVE 





THE BEST COMEDY f/V AMERICA 


FICTION • SATIRE 


CARTOONS 


’ ■ ■ :• •• 


ON SALE EVERYWHERE! 




Wanted 

by the 

D. A. 

A Nemesis Lurks in the 
Sweet Scent of a 
Rose! 

By 

Avin H. Johnston 

Author of 

“Last Bullet,” “Piped Orders," etc. 

U NDER ordinary circum¬ 
stances Carter Morris did 
not resemble the popular 
conception of a crook. Known on the 
Street as the head of Morris and 
Company, reputable brokers, his 
shock of white hair, his hard lips 
and firm chin were generally con¬ 
strued to be the trademarks of an 
honest dealer in bonds and stocks. 

But just now, crouched over the 
desk in his ornate Westchester home, 
Carter Morris did not in the least 
look the part of a respectable Wall 
Street broker. His white hair was 
ruffled, there was a dampness on his 
forehead not brought about by the 
June weather. 

Morris worked feverishly with the 
papers on the desk. There were 
bundles of securities, pads of bank 
notes, all of large denomination, 
more money in loose piles. 

“Sixty thousand in cash!” Morris 
mumbled as he worked. “An even 
hundred thousand in securities! I 
can cash them anywhere. Get this 
matter straight and I'll grab the first 
boat for Europe. One’s sailing to- 



The sound of a car brought him back 
to the window in a single leap 


morrow. That’ll give me time.” He 
rubbed a hand across his face. 

“God!” he whispered. “I’ve got 
to get away before they find out 
about that Texas oil deal. Hundred 
and sixty thousand! That’ll keep me 
for a time. It’ll blow over. Sure it 
will! It’ll blow over.” 

He was trying to bolster up the 
courage he had felt slipping away 
during the last hectic week, during 
which time he worked over the books 
of his company, endeavoring to fal¬ 
sify the accounts, stave off the pend¬ 
ing investigation he knew would 
shortly take place. Hadn’t two of 
his investors demanded an account¬ 
ing of their money placed in his 
keeping on that Texas deal? 

Morris cursed bitterly. Thirty 
years on the Street thrown over by 
one stupid move. Like many others 
on the Street, Morris and Company 
had been hit hard. Carter Morris 
had seen a chance to make a clean¬ 
up, recover some of his losses. It 
was on the shady side of the ledger. 



















96 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


but he had taken it—and lost out. 

Even now the D.A. was after those 
in on the Texas deal—and he was 
one of the principal fish. 

Morris worked feverishly for an¬ 
other ten minutes, stuffed the money 
and securities into a bag, locked it, 
thrust the key into his pocket, rose 
and crossed to the window. 

Visions of newspaper headlines 
flashed before his eyes. He saw them 
as if they were reality and not fig¬ 
ments of his fevered brain: 

CARTER MORRIS, FINANCIER 

AND FLOWER FANCIER 
ARRESTED BY D. A.’s OFFICE 

Reported Moving Spirit Behind 
Huge Texas Oil Swindle 

MILLIONS LOST BY INVESTORS 

Morris’ breath choked him, sweat 
made his hands and face clammy. 
In an effort to divert his mind 
from the subject, he swept the 
lawns and gardens with a swift 
glance. Everywhere was a riot of 
color. Hundreds of rosebushes clus¬ 
tered around the lawn. Roses he 
had trained and watched, treated 
and experimented with. Roses of 
every color under the sun, cross¬ 
strains he had grown by himself. 
Roses he loved—his hobby. 

Morris tore his gaze from their 
beauty and stumbled back into the 
room. As he reached the desk, the 
sound of a car rolling across the 
gravel drive brought him back to 
the window in a single leap. It was 
a big car. It contained four men. 

Four letters on the side door sent 
Morris lurching against the window 
edge, grasping the wood for sup¬ 
port. The four letters were U.S.D.A. 
Morris’ face lost its color. 

“The district attorney’s men!” he 
whispered, the sound coming from 
between shaking lips. 

He whirled to the desk, tossed the 
bag containing the cash and secu¬ 
rities into a lower drawer, lacked 
it. His eyes roved wildly around the 
room. The front doorbell chimed. 

The broker lurched again to the 
window and what he saw there sent 


his knees weak. One man from the 
car stood near the bottom of the 
steps. A second wandered around 
towards the rear of the house out 
of his sight, a third bent over a 
rosebush, apparently examining the 
beauty of the flowers. The fourth 
was not in sight. 

Wade, Morris’ butler, knocked on 
the door of the study, entered. If he 
noted Morris’ terror-stricken condi¬ 
tion he made no sign. 

“A gentleman to see you, sir,” his 
dry voice said. “Says it’s impor¬ 
tant.” 

Morris choked before he replied. 

“Tell him to wait! I’ll see him in 
a moment.” 

Wade withdrew. Morris pounded 
the desk with clenched fists. 

“Caught!” He mouthed the word. 

No use trying to get away. The 
man who had gone around to the 
back would block that exit. There 
was no other way out of the house 
except the front and back doors. 
The windows! No, they’d spot him 
for sure, one of them. Bluff it out! 
He didn’t have the nerve. 

He glared wildly around the room. 
A short barking laugh bubbled from 
his lips. There was one way out— 

“]\/TR. MORRIS will see you in a 

1V.1 moment, sir,” said Wade to 
the man at the door. 

“Sure! Just wanted to—” 

The words were cut short by a 
crackling shot from the study. Both 
men plunged into the room. Wade 
jerked back with a cry. 

Carter Morris sat at his desk, his 
head on the blotter. A thin trickle 
of blood seeped from a hole in his 
right temple, staining the blotter; 
smoke floated from the gun clenched 
in his right hand. 

“Mr. Morris!” cried Wade. 

The other man whistled. “Whew! 
this looks like a case for the coro¬ 
ner. My business will have to wait. 
I’m from the Department of Agri¬ 
culture. We wanted a few roots of 
that Blue Giant rose he developed 
recently. Wanted them for the 
President’s garden at the White 
House. But I guess that’ll have to 
wait—now.” 




When a Man-Made Lens Crashes , Dr. Feather's X-Ray 


Eyes Serve to Crack a Mystery! 



Don't touch the closet, Kit. Keep away” 


Murder Under 
the Microscope 

By RAY CUMMINGS 

Author of “Thoughts of Guilt,” “Death Arrow,” etc. 

«nn HE bullet went through pletely nothin’ about what it is. We 
his heart,” Sergeant got the murder weapon—little pearl- 
JL Dugan said. “He fell handled revolver. It was in a flower 
right under his microscope.” bed. If it was an outside murderer, 

“You think it’s an inside job?” then he dropped it makin’ his get- 
Dr. Feather suggested. away. Or it could have been thrown 

The sergeant spoke lugubriously, from the window of the murder 
“So far, Dr. Feather, I know com- room.” 


FEATURING DOCTOR FEATHER, CRIME SPECIALIST 


97 














































98 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


“You picked it up from where it 
was lying?” Dr. Feather said. “Dear 
me, that’s too bad.” 

“No fingerprints on it that amount 
to anything. What’s too bad?” 

“Well if you’d left it alone, Ser¬ 
geant, maybe we could have told 
how far it dropped. The trajectory 
of its fall might have—” 

“Lord, I never thought of that,” 
Dugan agreed. “Well, anyways, we 
found it. The victim, he must have 
staggered around the room a bit 
before he fell. There’s several places 
with blood.” 

“Staggered around with a bullet 
in his heart? Good heavens, Ser¬ 
geant.” 

“I told you there’s some queer 
stuff in this, didn’t I? That’s why 
I wanted you to come, Dr. Feather. 
Oh, hello, Miss Kit.” 

D R. FEATHER’S slim, dark-haired 
seventeen-year-old daughter. Kit, 
had parked their limousine. She 
joined them on the moonlit veranda 
of the big, rambling, four - story 
Maple Grove home of Dr. George 
Randolph who lay murdered in his 
laboratory on the second floor. 

It was two A.M., a placid summer 
evening. 

“Five people were in the house,” 
Dugan said. “I got ’em all here in 
the sittin’ room. If you discard the 
two women—I guess you can, all 
right—then that leaves three men, 
if it was an inside job.” 

They passed a uniformed man at 
the front door, and traversed a hall¬ 
way. As they entered a brightly 
lighted living room it seemed that 
the two women there had no guilty 
knowledge of the tragedy. They 
were seated on a couch in a corner. 
Mrs. Green, the housekeeper, a grey- 
haired, motherly - looking woman, 
dressed in a wrapper, was holding 
the hand of a young woman beside 
her—Ruth Randolph, twenty-year- 
old daughter of the murdered phy¬ 
sician. Ruth was fully dressed, but 
her dark hair was rumpled, her eyes 
red from crying. So obvious was her 
shock at the loss of her father that 
Dr. Feather impulsively held out his 
hand. 


“My goodness, I’m really very 
sorry, Miss Randolph.” 

Her tremulous smile held dignity. 
“Thank you,” she said. “Do we— 
have to answer many more ques¬ 
tions ?” 

“Dear me, I’ll be as quick as 1 
can.” 

Two of the men had jumped from 
their chairs. Both were young and 
wore dressing gowns over their pa¬ 
jamas and house slippers. 

“This is Dr. John Parker,” Dugan 
said. “Dr. Randolph’s assistant for 
the past two years.” 

The young physician had been 
seated near the murdered man’s 
daughter, with a hand on her arm 
as though to comfort her. He was 
a slim, pale, delicate-looking fellow 
with sleek, brown hair and a neat 
brown mustache. 

“How do you do. Dr. Feather,” 
he said. “Anything that we can do 
to help—” 

“And this,” Dugan said, “is Mr. 
Randolph’s secretary, Lee Johnson. 
He’s been here about two years.” 

Johnson was a ruddy, stocky fel¬ 
low with a mop of curly hair. His 
smooth-shaven face was flushed. He 
coughed nervously. 

“We’ve told Sergeant Dugan 
everything that happened,” he said. 
“What I want to know—are we sus¬ 
pected of this thing, by any chance? 
Because if we are—” 

“Dr. Feather will ask the ques¬ 
tions,” Dugan said. 

“Dear me, I just want to hear you 
people tell what happened,” Dr. 
Feather said mildly. 

The facts were simple. Dr. Ran¬ 
dolph, the murdered man, had been 
a retired physician. He was a 
wealthy widower with a consider¬ 
able property and a large corre¬ 
spondence so that he needed the ser¬ 
vices of a secretary. And two years 
ago Dr. Randolph had engaged in 
secret research work, and had hired 
Dr. Parker as his assistant. 

“There can be no secret about it 
now,” Dr. Parker said earnestly. 
“Dr. Randolph was seeking a virus 
for the control of cancer, tumor— 
pathological abnormalities of cell re¬ 
production.” 


MURDER UNDER THE MICROSCOPE 


99 


“He was successful?” Dr. Feather 
asked. 

“Yes. We had a formula—” 

“Was it something that could get 
stolen?” Dugan demanded. 

The young assistant shook his 
head. “No. Merely a series of pro¬ 
gressive experiments.” 

The circumstances of the crime 
also were simple. At midnight Dr. 
Randolph had been alone in his lab¬ 
oratory, working with his micro¬ 
scope. Dr. Parker whose bedroom 
was twenty feet away on the second 
floor, had gone to bed and to sleep. 
So also, had the secretary, in his 
own bedroom about the same dis¬ 
tance in the other direction along 
the hail. 

“I guess the shot woke me up,” 
the secretary said. “I lay a minute, 
getting awake. Then I went out into 
the hall. I saw Dr. Parker come 
from his room—” 

“That’s correct,” the young phy¬ 
sician said. “The shot woke me. 
We met out in the hall. The labora¬ 
tory door was closed. We rushed in 
and saw—” 

The murdered man’s daughter 
gave a low cry. 

“Quite so,” Dr. Feather said hast¬ 
ily. “Never mind the details.” 

He stared at the two men, his 
head tilted, his mild eyes searching 
them. 

Both were plainly nervous. Dr. 
Parker was abnormally pale, tensed 
as though his nerves were close to 
the breaking point. Johnson was not 
only flushed, but his eyes were ab¬ 
normally bright. 

1 

A BRUPTLY Dr. Feather turned 
from them to Mrs. Green. 
“Where were you?” he asked the 
housekeeper. 

She looked frightened. “I had 
gone to bed—up on the fourth floor, 
the west wing. I was took sick with 
the indigestion. Miss Ruth, she—” 
“I went up with her about mid¬ 
night,” Ruth said. “I hadn’t un¬ 
dressed as you see. I sat with 
her—” 

“You didn’t hear the shot?” Dr. 
Feather asked. 

"I don’t think so. If we did hear 


it, we must have thought it an auto¬ 
mobile out in the street. Then Dr. 
Parker and Mr. Johnson came rush¬ 
ing up. They—they told us—” Her 
voice broke, her eyes filled with 
tears. 

The third man, seated across the 
room, a big, heavy-set fellow of 
perhaps fifty had not spoken. He 
was wearing a pair of trousers with 
the tails of a flannel nightshirt 
tucked into them. He shifted nerv¬ 
ously as Dr. Feather looked at him. 

“Who are you?” Dr. Feather 
asked. 

“William Green,” the man said. 
“That’s my wife.” He gestured to 
the housekeeper. “We’ve been em¬ 
ployed by Dr. Randolph for ten 
years.” 

“And where were you when the 
shot was fired?” 

" “I didn’t hear it,” Green said. “I 
was asleep. My bedroom’s on the 
fourth floor, jus’ a little ways from 
my wife’s.” 

“But dear me, your wife was 
sick,” Dr. Feather said. 

“She was gettin’ better by half 
past twelve,” Green declared. “Miss 
Ruth was with her, so they told me 
to go to bed. I wuz tired—garden¬ 
ing all day. First thing I heard, 
everybody was poundin’ on my door, 
shoutin’ that Dr. Randolph was 
murdered.” 

The silent little Kit had been 
standing at the living room door, 
unobtrusively, her alert eyes missing 
nothing. Abruptly she said. 

“I think any such details, down 
here, Father—” 

“Of course, child.” Dr. Feather 
turned. “I believe I’ve heard quite 
enough. Let’s go upstairs, Ser¬ 
geant.” 

In the hall, Kit said: “Those men 
—it’s hard to choose between them, 
Father.” 

“Don’t even try to jump to conclu¬ 
sions, Kit.” 

At the door of the murder room 
Dr. Feather paused with Kit beside 
him as they peered at the mute trag¬ 
edy. The room was more a study 
than a laboratory, a fairly large 
square room with a single window, 
the door to the hall, and one other, 


100 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


small door which the sergeant said 
opened into a clothes closet. 

A library of technical books lined 
one wall. A small X-ray machine 
and fluroscopic apparatus stood in 
one corner. In another was a glass 
cabinet of surgical instruments. 
There were two upholstered reclin¬ 
ing chairs, several other chairs, and 
one or two tables, with electric table 
lamps and a litter of medical maga¬ 
zines. Small Oriental rugs were 
scattered on the floor. 

T HE single window was directly 
opposite the hall door, the lower 
sash partly up. On the floor, a few 
feet in front of the window, lay 
the crumpled body of Dr. Randolph, 
a small, thin man in his fifties. He 
was dressed in felt slippers, trou¬ 
sers and a dark blue shirt open at 
the throat, with his sleeves rolled 
partly up his forearms. A small 
chair was nearby. Beside the body 
was an overturned small wooden 
table. The doctor’s microscope, had 
crashed to the floor, almost upon 
the body. 

“Shot in the back,” Dugan was 
saying. “Dr. Claus who was here 
says the bullet entered just to the 
left of the spine, went through the 
heart. 

Dr. Feather and Kit silently were 
peering down at the face of the 
dead man. Abruptly they looked at 
each other. 

“Dear me, Sergeant, you couldn’t 
get an idea from which direction 
the bullet came? The window', or 
the door—exactly opposite posi¬ 
tions?” 

“No way to tell,” Dugan said. 
“But he must have spun as he fell, 
knocked over that table and micro¬ 
scope.” He gestured to the win¬ 
dow. “Take a look. It’s a straight 
twenty-five feet to the ground, but 
an active man could climb up; they’s 
rain-pipes an’ ivy trellises.” 

But Dr. Feather and Kit seemed 
not listening. They were kneeling 
over the body, examining the bullet 
hole and the crimson stain on the 
dark shirt, between the shoulder 
blades; then peering intently at the 
dead face. Dr. Feather carefully 


pulled an eyelid outward to expose 
more of the eyeball. Then he was 
examining the dead man’s scrawny 
throat; was feeling the dead man’s 
muscles. 

“He’s been dead about an hour, 
Sergeant?” 

“Hour an’ a quarter, maybe. The 
shot came about one a.m. They all 
agree on that.” 

“Queer that he should have been 
strangled, Kit,” Dr. Feather mur¬ 
mured. 

“Very queer, Father.” 

Sergeant Dugan’s jaw dropped. 
“Strangled?” 

“A bruise on the throat,” Dr. 
Feather said. “See it here?” 

“Dr. Claus mentioned that,” the 
sergeant declared. “Like when he 
fell maybe the microscope might 
have hit him.” 

Dr. Feather smiled faintly. “That, 
or fingers squeezing his windpipe; 
a hand violently over his mouth. My 
goodness, when you’ve seen as many 
such contusions as I have— Kit, 
child, take a look around the room, 
will you? The sergeant said blood 
was scattered—” 

Dugan gestured. “Some over 
there on the floor, Miss Kit. A little 
dried smear; two or three of ’em 
around, like somethin’ dripped 
blood.” 

“And yet the shot caused instant 
death,” Dr. Feather said. “In fact, 
the wound seems to have bled a lit¬ 
tle less than normal, rather than—” 

A low exclamation from Kit in¬ 
terrupted him. The girl was still 
kneeling over the body; she had 
lifted the loose, half rolled-up shirt 
sleeve. On the flesh of the left fore¬ 
arm, just below the elbow, was a 
small scratch, hardly more than an 
abrasion which had drawn only a 
small amount of blood, quickly dry¬ 
ing. 

Dr. Feather stared. “Well, Kit—” 

“Dilated pupils, Father. Locked 
muscles. I was sure we’d find—” 

“Of course, child. But the blood 
around the room is more puzzling. 
Let me think.” 

Dugan was across the room, bend¬ 
ing down to the floor midway be¬ 
tween the hall door and the clothes 


MURDER UNDER THE MICROSCOPE 


101 


closet. “Here’s some of the blood, 
Miss Kit.” 

It was a small smear, as though a 
few drops had fallen. Carefully, Kit 
examined it. Then like a little 
hound, she was searching the floor. 
“A drop here on the rug, Father.” 
It was close to the body. Then 
she found one nearer the clothes 
closet door. 

Dr. Feather was examining the 
microscope and the glass microscope 
slide which lay by the instrument. 

“He was using his oil immersion 
lens, Sergeant, the highest powered 
combination—” 

F ROM across the room by the 
clothes closet door Kit suddenly 
exclaimed: 

“A smear of blood here, partly 
under the door, Father. The door 
must have been open.” 

Little Dr. Feather leaped to his 
feet. “Don’t touch that closet, Kit! 
Keep away!” 

“What the devil now!” Dugan 
gasped. Dr. Feather confronted him, 
his cheeks flushed, his mild blue 
eyes flashing. 

“My goodness, the answer cer¬ 
tainly lies right here somewhere! 
Microscopic evidence! Kit, we’ll 
need a lot of apparatus from the 
car.” 

“Yes, Father.” 

“You’ll have to make the analyses, 
Kit— Sergeant Dugan—that clothes 
closet. Did you go in there?” 

“I just poked my flashlight in. 
I told you I left everything for 
you.” 

“Just opened the door a little?” 
“Y-yes. But what—” 

“Dear me, that’s excellent, Ser¬ 
geant. Good luck, indeed. The door 
was closed when you got here?” 

“Yes. Say listen, Dr. Feather, 
what are you—” 

“Please don’t question me when 
I’m questioning you, Sergeant. My 
goodness, that’s annoying. How big 

iq flip 

“Small. Just a few feet. Clothes 
hangin’ on racks; shoes on the 
floor.” 

“Good! Bring those three men 
suspects up here. I can think of a 


lot of things to ask them now. My 
goodness, I certainly can. A lot of 
queer business went on here. Kit, 
hurry down to the car, child. Get 
our exhaust pump for that air. 
Bring your paraffin outfit, the big 
microscope, all the apparatus for 
analyses—and bring the haemocy- 
tometer.” 

“Yes, Father.” 

“You’ll have quite a bit of work, 
Kit. I want to make paraffin casts. 
If I can determine which one fired 
the shot—” 

“That would clear everything up, 
Father. And the simple medical ex¬ 
aminations—” 

“Of course, child. We’ve got this 
murderer. Dear me, Sergeant, don’t 
stand gawping at us like that. Bring 
up those men suspects.” 

Kit had hurried from the room 
to get the apparatus from their big 
limousine, which was in effect a 
traveling laboratory. She came back 
in a few minutes, erecting her ap¬ 
paratus in an unoccupied bedroom 
across the hall. Dugan meanwhile 
had brought up the three grim, 
frightened men. 

Dr. Feather had been standing 
motionless in the center of the room, 
pondering. As the men appeared, 
he hopped to confront them. 

“Ah, here you are. What I want 
to know—which one of you fired the 
shot ?” 

The abrupt question startled them 
so that each gave a low exclamation, 
staring at each other. 

“Stand aside, Sergeant,” Dr. 
Feather ordered. His manner was 
amazingly different now — crisp, 
menacing. "One of you is a mur¬ 
derer. Which one?” 

“Murderer?” the pallid Dr. Parker 
echoed. 

“You’re accusing us?” Lee John¬ 
son demanded. 

“One of you,” Dr. Feather said. 
“But what happened in this room 
tonight is anything but simple. 
Which one of you fired the fatal 
shot ?” 

Sergeant Dugan jumped at them. 
“Come clean! Which one?” He 
swung on Lee Johnson. “You may¬ 
be?” 


102 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


“I haven’t fired a gun in five 
years,” Johnson protested. 

“Nor I,” Dr. Parker declared. 
“There wuz no weapon in the 
house that I ever heard of,” the stal¬ 
wart gardener said. 

“My girl Kit has a few little tests 
she wants to make,” Dr. Feather 
said crisply. “You three men won’t 
mind, of course. Come here, Kit.” 

“I’d like to make them in the 
room over there,” Kit said. 

S ILENTLY they followed into the 
opposite bedroom, with Dr. 
Feather and the awed Dugan watch¬ 
ing from the doorway. It was, to 
Dugan and the three suspects cer¬ 
tainly a strange series of tests to 
which the deft girl now put them. 
Quickly she took their blood pres¬ 
sure; their temperature; then with 
a sterile needle stabbed the lobe of 
their ears; and with a stethoscope 
listened to their hearts and respira¬ 
tion. 

“Quite a physician,” young Dr. 
Parker sneered. “I didn’t know this 
was a medical case.” 

“You’ll know a lot more when 
Dr. Feather gets through with you,” 
Dugan commented. 

“I have the wax ready,” Kit said 
quietly. “Shall I make the casts 
now, Father?” 

“No, I’ll do it. You get that sam¬ 
ple of air.” 

“All right, Father. But if he 
opened the closet door very wide, 
then probably—” 

“Try it anyhow, Kit. Just cor¬ 
roborating evidence. My goodness, 
we’ll certainly have plenty of evi¬ 
dence.” 

“Yes, Father.” 

With a bell-like exhaust pump in 
her hand, the girl hurried across 
the hall to the murder room. 

“Closet?” young Dr. Parker mur¬ 
mured. But no one answered him. 
On a bureau of the bedroom Kit 
had erected a small alcohol lamp, 
over which in a retort, paraffin was 
heating. 

“I just want to apply it to your 
hands for a few minutes,” Dr. 
Feather said. “Hold out both hands 
please—yes, all three of you.” 


Quickly he coated the six hands 
with the paraffin an eighth of an 
inch thick, encasing the backs of 
the hands and all of each thumb and 
forefinger. 

“We’ll leave it on about ten min¬ 
utes,” he said. 

“Father! Come here, please.” 
From across the hallway Kit was 
excitedly calling. 

“You three sit still,” Dr. Feather 
warned. “Hold your hands motion¬ 
less or you’ll break the mold. What 
is it, child?” 

“In the closet, Father, I found 
this in an old shoe.” She spoke 
softly as she held out a small, tri¬ 
angular fragment of broken glass. 

Dr. Feather gasped. “Why, dear 
me! Easy Kit—watch out!” 

“I’m careful, Father. He hid it 
there, quite evidently. And blood 
dropped on the floor in there; quite 
a lot of blood.” 

“And the air, child?” 

“Deficiency of oxygen, Father, 
surplus of carbon dioxide, quite ob¬ 
vious, even without a test. He must 
have been shut up in there at least 
five minutes or more. It’s instinctive 
to open a door only a little when 
you slip out furtively and quickly. 
The air didn’t get altered much 
when he left.” 

“Quite so, child. Well, we’ve got 
every link now, haven’t we? Take 
your microscope in there and com¬ 
plete everything.” 

“Yes, Father.” 

The three men were grimly seated, 
waiting, their hands held motion¬ 
less. 

“I don’t know what this is all 
about,” Green muttered. 

“Nor anyone else, I guess,” Lee 
Johnson retorted. 

“I believe that’s long enough,” Dr. 
Feather said. “Your perspiring 
hands will have loosened the par¬ 
affin and cleansed the pores.” 

Carefully he peeled off the cas¬ 
ings. Then with a little brush, 
dipped in a chemical, he began 
swabbing the interior of the paraffin 
casts. 

“This is a solution of dipheny- 
lamine and sulphuric acid,” he in¬ 
formed. “Watch what it does.” 


MURDER UNDER THE MICROSCOPE 


103 


There were six casts. On five of 
them it did nothing. But the inte¬ 
rior of the sixth in a moment was 
dotted with blue spots. 

“Microscopic bits of gun powder," 
Dr. Feather said into the tense si¬ 
lence. “A blow-back from the firing 
chamber of the gun, driven into the 
pores of the skin. They couldn’t be 
washed off—couldn’t be seen, even 
microscopically. But the perspira¬ 
tion brought them out onto the par¬ 
affin, the chemical made them visible 
—and my goodness, there they are!” 

Lee Johnson and Green were star¬ 
ing at Dr. Parker. 

“Why—why I—” the young phy¬ 
sician gasped numbly. 

“You fired that shot," Dr. Feather 
said. “Dear me, you’ve got to admit 
it now,” 

“Got you!” Dugan exclaimed tri¬ 
umphantly. “I’ll be damned, Dr. 
Feather, that was quick work!” 

The sergeant was jingling hand¬ 
cuffs, but little Dr. Feather pushed 
him away. 

“Not so fast, Sergeant. Does every 
test have to try to prove a man 
guilty? My goodness, this was just 
the opposite. This was to prove one 
of them innocent. You’re lucky, Dr. 
Parker.” 

Amazement spread over Parker’s 
face. 

“Why—why yes, I did shoot him,” 
he mumbled. “But it was an acci¬ 
dent—I swear it was! I thought he 
was a burglar, there at the window. 
I shot too quickly. I swear I didn’t 
mean to kill him!” 

“You didn’t,” Dr. Feather said 
gently. “You thought you did, but 
you didn’t. Tell us exactly what hap¬ 
pened to you.” 

Parker had been sleeping rest¬ 
lessly, he said. His room was hot 
and he had opened his hall door. 
Then he heard a dim crash. He had 
bought a revolver about a week be¬ 
fore; had said nothing about it, be¬ 
cause he had no license. When he 
heard the noise he had seized the 
revolver, rushed out into the hall. 
He heard the laboratory door open 
as though someone were coming out, 
someone who heard him and ducked 
back in again. 


“I knew it wouldn’t be Dr. Ran¬ 
dolph,” he said. “I rushed on, think¬ 
ing only of a burglar—” 

“You’re lucky,” Dr. Feather com¬ 
mented drily. “You’re not the kind 
of man to own a revolver.” 

W ITH more courage than wits, the 
doctor had recklessly plunged 
to the laboratory doorway. The 
room was dark. At the window he’d 
seen a blob of figure, crouching at 
the sill, had impulsively fired; 
dashed forward; seized the blob. 

Dr. Randolph had tumbled at his 
feet; dying. The horrified Parker 
had stood a moment gazing at the 
bullet wound in his employer’s back. 
As though it were a viper, he had 
flung the revolver far out the win¬ 
dow, then he had fled, terrified, back 
to his room. 

A murderer! Who would ever be¬ 
lieve it was accidental? He even had 
a motive for murder. He was en¬ 
gaged to Ruth Randolph. Her in¬ 
heritance would make her rich now. 
And Parker himself had sole posses¬ 
sion of Dr. Randolph’s medical dis¬ 
covery, which had great commercial 
possibilities. 

“Well,” Dugan said, when the 
dazed Dr. Parker finished, “that’s a 
grand yarn. When you said nobody’d 
believe it, you hit the nail square.” 

“But it happens to be true,” Dr. 
Feather said. “My goodness, it fits 
the facts. It has to be true.” 

Kit stood again in the doorway. 
“I’ve just about finished, Father. 
Here’s all the data.” 

Dr. Feather scanned the cards of 
her penciled notations. “Thanks, 
Kit. Not much argument, is there?” 
“No, Father.” 

Dr. Feather’s eyes were flashing 
as he faced Lee Johnson, the secre¬ 
tary, and Green, the gardener. 

“We had three suspects,” he said. 
“Now we’ve got two. You don’t 
have to say anything. My goodness, 
I’m not trying to trap you into a con¬ 
fession. I can tell you now pretty 
exactly what happened. My girl Kit 
and I—unfortunately we’ve seen so 
many murdered men—this one’s di¬ 
lated pupils, his locked, rigid mus- 
(Continued on page 127) 


DEATH 

on 

the S-13 

A Complete Novelette 

of 

Criminal Espionage 

By 

STEVE FISHER 

Author of “Merry Christmas, Killer,” 
“The Man in the Window," etc. 

CHAPTER I 
Peter Case 

ETER CASE was not well. 
His mind was filled with the 
nervous confusion that is 
born of an aching restlessness. 
There was nothing he could do 
about it except wait for something 
to happen. It was suspense he did 
not like, because he had no way of 
telling what was going to happen. 

The storm was liable to break at 
any minute. It might come from 
any quarter. And when it came the 
foreboding that was now deep with¬ 
in him promised it would be a de¬ 
luge of the worst sort of trouble. 

He paced the lanai terrace, burn¬ 
ing up one cigarette after another, 
and looking each minute or so out 
past the shining sands of Waikiki 
Beach at the dark water and the 
lights of the ships that crawled 
along the horizon and disappeared 
past the looming shadow of Dia¬ 
mond Head. 



Peter Case pressed 


He had two ideas concerning the 
possible origin of the trouble to 
come—the submarine S-13 which 
had left Pearl Harbor by now—and 
the disappearance of Gladys Ben¬ 
ton, wife of the S-13’s skipper. But 
that disappearance should not be 
bothering him. As the captain had 
said it was probably due to an im¬ 
pulsive notion of her own that 



Ocean Depths Conceal a Fiendish Plot 


104 




















the trigger of the automatic 


prompted her to go to one of the 
other islands for a vacation. 

Since Benton was not worried 
there was no real reason for Peter 
Case of Naval Intelligence to be con¬ 
cerned. In the first place, even if 
the worst had happened, even if she 
had been abducted or murdered her 
plight would not be brought to his 
official attention. 


But Peter Case was thinking of 
one angle which would mean that 
her disappearance might have a lot 
to do with the business for which he 
had come to Honolulu. Foreign spies 
in the city were as thick as flies and 
it was possible that the wife of a 
naval officer would be valuable tc 
them. Particularly if she happened 
to be the wife of the S-13’s skipper, 


in the Battery Room of a Submarine! 


105 










































106 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


for the spies were all here for the 
same reason—after the invention 
the S-13 carried with her tonight; the 
same invention Peter Case was com¬ 
missioned to buy for the United 
States the moment it w-as tried and 
approved. 

He lifted his binoculars and looked 
again out to sea. “Isimo,” he 
snapped suddenly, “Isimo! Here she 
comes!” 

Case was a giant, and his straight 
strapping figure was silhouetted by 
the light from the room that ad¬ 
joined the terrace. He wore a white 
mess. jacket and blue broadcloth 
trousers. He was blond, his high 
cheek-boned face definitely Nordic. 
He looked both youthful and hand¬ 
some, though in a hardened way, 
for his face was like fine leather. 

“Hurry, Isimo.” he said, still peer¬ 
ing through the glasses. 

The terrace door opened and a 
small Filipino garbed in navy whites 
came rushing out gibbering: 

“My goodness! She come so 
queek, sir?” 

Case handed him the glasses. 
“Peek for yourself, General.” 

G ENERAL ISIMO who, by his own 
statement, commanded troops in 
the far reaches of the Philippine 
Islands long before the temptation 
of a steady salary as a mess boy in 
the American Navy intervened in 
his questionably brilliant career, had 
been allowed to accompany Peter 
Case when he was taken from ac¬ 
tive naval service and put in the 
Intelligence. Isimo was to be Case’s 
mess boy, personal valet, and ser¬ 
vant ; but he had served in that 
capacity only a few months when 
he graduated from all that by 
blandly announcing that he would 
be henceforth: A ganteelman’s gan- 
teelman. He was looking through 
the binoculars now. 

“Brave General Isimo is glad he 
ees not on sad vessel.” 

Case’s eyes flickered. “Why?” he 
demanded. 

“No like number; no like idea. 
Like shore side and palm trees.” 

He handed back the glasses and 
returned to the room leaving Case 


not a little uncomfortaole for the boy 
had an uncanny ability for predict¬ 
ing disaster in a subtle way. Case 
too, had a feeling that all might not 
go right with the S-13, 

He looked again toward the death¬ 
laden little submarine, cruising se¬ 
renely through the spash of moon¬ 
light. Suddenly a grim foreboding 
gripped him. He felt as though he 
wanted to shout to it, order it back 
to port. He kept watching as the 
shadows swallowed the dim little 
running lights, and he was conscious 
that sweat trickled down his face. 

The S-13 was on an experimental 
cruise. Within her bulkheads was 
the first completed model of a per¬ 
fect sounding instrument. It was 
the product of an inventor who lay 
dying in the Queens Hospital of 
spinal paralysis, and if it worked 
the United States wanted it badly. 
But if the trial proved to be a fail¬ 
ure, it was quite possible that the 
S-13 would be destroyed, with all 
lives aboard. 

The permanent value of a sound¬ 
ing machine had long been a subject 
for naval discussion. All were 
agreed that an effective instrument 
of this kind would be a leading 
factor in winning or losing a war 
at sea. In recent years various 
types of sounding machines had 
been invented. None of them had 
gained complete success. The type 
of machine that Peter Case was 
commissioned to Inspect, and which 
had been installed in the S-13, had 
the broadest sound range of any in 
the world. 

Use of this equipment made it 
possible for a submarine lying either 
on the surface or bottom of the 
sea to pick up the sound of every 
vessel cruising within a radius of a 
hundred miles. Using this informa¬ 
tion as a basis, it would be possible 
to determine with fair accuracy the 
approximate size of the cruising 
vessels, and their course. 

In the event of war, the value of 
a machine that could supply such in¬ 
formation, was obvious. A sub¬ 
marine so equipped would be able 
to inform the battle fleet of the 
exact position and definite approach 


DEATH ON THE S-13 


107 


of the enemy ships; would make it 
possible to catch such ships by sur¬ 
prise ; or would permit mine-layers 
to place deep water mines in the 
path of enemy craft, causing them 
to be blown to bits when they 
crossed these uncharted mine-fields. 

Vaguely, Peter Case heard the 
tinkle of the phone from inside; but 
the clapping of palm fronds, and 
the strumming of guitars on Waikiki 
Beach below him carried the sound 
away in the warm breeze. A mo¬ 
ment later, however, General Isimo 
appeared at the door. 

“Come queek!” he said, “Missy 
Gladys Benton, missing wife of 
S-13’s captain, on the phone!” 

Case moved quickly forward. 

F OR hours Gladys Benton had 
been waiting to be left alone 
for a moment, and now that mo¬ 
ment had come. She had strug¬ 
gled with the ropes that bound her 
until they were loose. And now, 
with the man who had been guard¬ 
ing her out of the room for an in¬ 
stant, she had to make use of her 
time— 

She jerked the ropes from her 
aching body and stood up. For a 
moment the blood rushed from her 
head and she was so weak that she 
thought she would faint. Strands of 
black hair hung about her livid 
white face; she brushed them back, 
and moved toward the window. 

Freedom! It would be a brief 
freedom, and it would end in death. 
This she knew, and yet she was un¬ 
afraid. If she had known fear be¬ 
fore her captors had beaten it out 
of her so that now but a single 
flame, bright and hot, burned in her 
soul. The flame of vengeance! 

Her dress ripped to the hip as 
she climbed onto the window sill. 
She stared into the night, and then 
down at the ground below her. In 
a moment she had let herself fall, 
and now she w T as on that ground 
and getting to her feet. She could 
feel her heart pounding, pounding. 
She must hurry. Even now the S-13 
was under way with her husband 
Bill Benton in command. Poor Bill! 
She ran, stumbled across the 


ground, a fever beating white hot in 
her mind. God bless you, Bill, she 
kept thinking; God bless you and 
damn me. My rotten betrayal, my 
filthy schemes and intrigue were not 
big enough to touch you. 

She was sobbing now. The night 
breeze whined across the cliff that 
was the Pali, and the leaves of a 
thousand trees rustled like the 
laughter of gods. 

Somewhere over the top of this 
mound and down through the woods 
there must be a house where there 
would be a phone. That was all she 
wanted: a phone. She must find it 
before they discovered her escape; 
before they could find her and kill 
her. To be caught now that she had 
gotten away from them would mean 
certain death. Before, if she had 
remained their captive, there might 
have been a chance of living. She 
might have been sent back to the 
foreign country in whose employ 
she had originally been when she 
married Bill Benton to spy on him. 

“You are a traitor!” her chief 
agent had charged. 

“No,” she had answered evenly, 
“I am a woman, and in all the wars 
of the world, in all the suffering and 
bloodshed and shame through which 
men like you have tried to use 
women, there has never yet been 
found a way to rob them of their 
souls. I didn’t promise that 1 would 
be a party to blasting into bits a 
submarine filled with living men. 
Nor could I possibly know when I 
married him that Bill Benton would 
be the man he is and that I would 
fall in love with him!” 

“Our nation is not interested in 
your emotions,” the agent had 
snapped, “if the invention on the 
Thirteen explodes, the United States 
will not exercise the option to pur¬ 
chase it. Then we—” 

“Yes, I know; then we—you— 
your country, could have it. But the 
price you are asking, the price of 
men’s lives in a time of peace, is 
too great.” 

It had gone on like that for hours. 
They wanted to know what she had 
told Benton? She hadn’t told him 
anything, and she wished now that 


108 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


she had; but they had kidnaped her, 
sensing in some uncanny way, that 
she was ready to reveal their whole 
rotten plot to him. So Bill Benton 
knew nothing. 

The lights of a house flickered 
yellow through the night. Sucking 
breath into her lungs she stumbled 
toward it. 

She reached it and pounded on the 
door. A gaunt Hawaiian answered 
and she hysterically demanded the 
use of the telephone. The stupefied 
native pointed the instrument out to 
her. 

And a few moments later she was 
talking to Peter Case. 

CHAPTER II 

Murder on Deck 

IEUTENANT BILL 
BENTON, in the 
conning tower of 
the S-13, somehow 
did not like the 
silky smoothness of 
the night sea, nor 
the moon that was 
so white, too white. 
He had been skip¬ 
per of the S-13 for a 
long time so that he 
sensed when something was wrong. 
He felt that something was wrong 
now; something more than the nat¬ 
ural apprehension of the experimen¬ 
tal dive they were coming out here 
to make. 

Bill Benton was a stocky man; he 
had sloping shoulders, and short, 
firm arms. He was young, and ex¬ 
tremely sincere about everything he 
undertook. His eyes were black, 
wide-set, and his lips thin. He had 
full, ruddy cheeks, and his skin had 
been bronzed by the sun. 

He glanced now at Stacy, stand¬ 
ing alongside of him. Stacy, a 
junior lieutenant, was his executive 
officer, who had been aboard only a 
few months. He looked at Brad¬ 
shaw, the tall, slim quartermaster, 
now at the steering lever. There 
was someone aboard who didn’t be¬ 
long, though Bill Benton did not 
know whether either one of these 
two knew that or not. 


This feeling about the sub was 
not one that had come to him sud¬ 
denly; it had been coming for days. 
During those days he had been care¬ 
ful to observe almost everything 
that took place. At least he had 
tried, and he was beginning to real¬ 
ize that one or more men who were 
either spies, or were being bribed 
by foreign agents, were in the com¬ 
plement of the new “volunteer” 
crew. 

He leaned back now, his thoughts 
coming slowly. The swish of water 
along the ship’s side slithered above 
the deep hum of the Diesel engines 
below. The steady breeze was rat¬ 
tling the dried-out canvas of the 
signal bags. At last Benton said: 

“Take over, Stacy. I’m going be¬ 
low.” 

“Yes, sir. Shall I leave the deck 
hatches open?” 

“Might as well,” Benton grunted, 
“I admit there’s not much air to be 
pulled below; but at the same time 
there’s no chance of water spilling 
over the deck so long as the sea re¬ 
mains like this.” 

He climbed down through the 
conning tower hatch, reaching the 
bottom in the square Center Op¬ 
erating Controls room. He rubbed 
his feet on the greasy deck and 
glanced around him. The radioman 
was in his glass-enclosed shack, and 
a sailor was sitting on a ditty box 
on one side of the room jotting 
down some notes. Other than that 
the room was empty and the shiny 
steel of the walls, the cross bars of 
the periscope, and the heavy throb- 
throb-throb of the Diesel engines op¬ 
pressed him. 

He headed toward the door lead¬ 
ing into the forward battery and as 
he walked he felt the sub sway 
gently from side to side; and he 
heard the swish—heavier now— 
against the hull, as the boat pushed 
through the calm water. 

He stopped at the tiny officer’s 
wardroom, which was separated 
from the rest of the forward bat¬ 
tery by strips of canvas, and looked 
inside. Mari Mason was sitting 
alone at the oak table, a cup of hot 
coffee in front of her. 










DEATH ON THE S-13 


109 


“Hello,” he said, his voice a little 
thick, and the hot oil-laden air 
catching in his throat, “mind if I 
join you?” 

“As a matter of fact, Lieutenant,” 
she said, “I was just going to re¬ 
quest that you do. There is much 
we must talk over before the 
dive.” 

He entered, and sat down. “There 
may not be a dive,” he said. 

She looked at him incredulously. 
Mari Mason was the daughter and 
only real assistant that Fred Mason, 
the inventor of the new type sound¬ 
ing machine, ever had. Her hair 
was rich with golden yellow, con¬ 
trasting with the fine color of her 
skin, the deep green of her eyes. 
She was slim, and although she 
looked very young, she was the type 
of a girl who, at a glance, one would 
call competent. 

“What do you mean—there may 
not be a dive?” she asked. 

B ILL BENTON’S black eyes had a 
soft gleam, _ and his thin lips 
parted in a half grin. 

“Perhaps I don’t mean exactly 
that,” he replied, ringing for a mess 
boy, “but I think, rather I feel cer¬ 
tain, that there is someone aboard 
who doesn’t belong here. And that 
means trouble.” 

“Do you know this person’s iden¬ 
tity ?” 

“I believe I do. But there may be 
more than one. At least I shall 
arrest one man presently, and then 
I will feel safer about the dive.” 

The Filipino boy arrived, took the 
order for coffee and disappeared. 
When he returned with the steaming 
liquid Benton and Mari Mason sat 
in silence staring at one another. 
At length Benton shrugged. 

“I don’t mean to alarm you; it 
may not be anything at all.” 

She leaned forward, her lovely 
face tense, her green eyes flickering. 
“Do you think anyone could have 
heard what you said?” she whis¬ 
pered. 

Bill Benton shook his head. Again 
there was silence, for one came to 
regard the throbbing of the Diesels 
as part of the elements. Like time 


and space, they seemed to go on 
forever. The sub kept rocking, 
gently rocking; and water swished 
along the hull. 

“I didn’t speak loud enough for 
anyone but you to hear. I had 
thought of that.” 

She nodded, but did not look as 
though she were convinced. She 
drew in her breath, and coughed it 
out. At last she got to her feet. 

“Is it all right if I go up on 
deck? I am supposed to get the 
pitch and roll an hour prior to the 
dive—though I don’t suppose there 
is much pitch and roll now. Besides, 
I want to get a breath of air and 
smoke a cigarette.” 

“I don’t blame you.” Bill Benton 
grinned, and rose. “The air seems 
pretty putrid down here until you 
get used to it. I’ll go up with you.” 

They left the wardroom together, 
going forward. Mari Mason wore 
blue slacks and a slip-over sweater. 
A green band held her hair close to 
her head. She ducked through the 
watertight door and into the torpedo 
room. Bill Benton followed, his eyes 
on the grimfaced sailors who sat 
about playing an old battered phon¬ 
ograph. 

Beyond them stood the four gleam¬ 
ing doors of the torpedo tubes, and 
the sleek, greasy “fish” themselves 
were lashed to the bulkheads. In 
this compartment you could see how 
the hull of the boat curved, like a 
bloated cigar. The sailors were sit¬ 
ting on bunks, on ditty boxes. Over 
the incessant pounding, throbbing 
beat of the Diesels, the music 
screeched from the phonograph: “St. 
Louis woman, with a diamond ring.” 

Mari Mason grasped the iron 
rungs of the ladder and began to 
climb. Some of the sailors watched, 
others paid no attention; they were 
too tense, the mission of the boat too 
grim, to notice much of anything 
right then. 

As the girl climbed through the 
manhole hatch and out onto the 
deck, Bill Benton, his officer’s cap 
cocked back on his head, climbed the 
ladder and followed her. It was 
quiet on deck; a quiet away from 
the Diesels, with only the bubbling 


110 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


swish of the water, and the soft 
hum of the wind as it slid past the 
looming hulk of the grey conning 
tower. 

Mari Mason lit a cigarette. “It’s 
a nice night,” she said. 

Bill Benton shivered involuntar¬ 
ily. He had been about to add, “a 
nice night for murder,” but some¬ 
how he didn’t. He glanced up at the 
bridge, the red and green running 
lights flickering, the figures of Stacy 
and Bradshaw. At last his gaze 
returned to the girl who was facing 
forward now. 

“As for pitch and roll,” he said 
weakly, “you were right.” 

“And as for the fresh air,” she 
replied, over her shoulder, “it’s de¬ 
licious.” 

The night was beautiful and for 
a moment neither of them spoke. The 
S-13 kept sliding onward through 
the water, and neither Bill Benton 
nor Mari Mason saw the slim figure 
that darted across the after part of 



the deck to the side of the conning 
tower. Back to the tower, the figure 
crept quietly around the side of it. 

For a moment that was eternity, 
he waited. Then, noiselessly, he un¬ 
sheathed a knife and gripped it in 
his hand. He moved forward stealth¬ 
ily, raised the knife, then he struck. 
The blade sliced squarely between 
Bill Benton’s shoulder blades. 

Jerking the weapon out the killer 
hurriedly raced back for the engine 
room hatch. He flung the knife over 
the side and disappeared below 
deck. 

Mari Mason turned to speak to 
the skipper. She looked quickly 
around, and then suddenly she saw 
his huddled form on the deck. 

She screamed. 


CHAPTER III 

Death on the Pali 

ETER CASE said 
into the phone: “But 
where are you, Mrs. 
Benton ? Where can 
I reach you?” 

“It doesn’t matter 
about me,” she said, 
“they’ll kill me be¬ 
fore you can pos¬ 
sibly arrive. And I 
deserve no more 
than that. What you 
must do is get to that submarine. 
Their peril is far .greater than my 
own.” 

“Yes,” Case said, “I can stop the 
boat, but—” 

“They are coming now,” she said 
thickly, “I can hear them. Tell the 
police it was on the Pali. They shall 
perhaps find me here. But as for 
you, for God’s sake see that—’’ 

The line suddenly went dead. 

Peter Case was up, strapping an 
automatic about his waist, putting 
on a leather jacket. General Isimo 
followed him to the door. Case 
turned. 

“Phone Wailupe. Tell them I have 
ordered the immediate return of the 
S-13 to Pearl Harbor. Under no 
circumstances are they to dive!” 

“Double check,” said Isimo, “but 
where you going?” 

“For a social call to the Pali,” 
Case clipped, “I’m going to call on 
some spies.” 

General Isimo was wide-eyed. “I 
call police double queek. Maybe 
need some help in call, huh?” 

But the Intelligence ace had left. 

A few minutes later he was roar¬ 
ing up the road to the Pali. A cot¬ 
tage loomed in the glare of his head¬ 
lights. Two figures lay sprawled in 
front of it. Case swung in at the 
side of the road, his brakes squeal¬ 
ing. He leaped from the car, drawing 
his .45. 

But he had no need for it. A 
tall Hawaiian lay halfway down 
the porch steps, his head battered 
and bloody, and his body already 
stiff. On the ground near him lay 
Gladys Benton, the front of her 









DEATH ON THE S-13 


111 


dress crimson and her black hair 
disheveled. Her face was very white, 
her lips a smear of crimson. Her 
eyes were still open and Case saw 
them blink. 

He holstered his gun and bent 
over her. She was not quite dead 
and she stared at him through 
glazed eyes. A chill ran through 
his body as he looked down at her. 
He felt himself trembling all of a 
sudden. He did not know what to 
say, speech seemed so useless in 
these ebbing moments. 

He felt unaccountably embar¬ 
rassed, as though he should not be 
here watching a beautiful woman 
die. He took her into his arms and 
he felt her blood on his hands, warm 
and sticky. Her lips were quivering 
now and he leaned close to catch 
her whisper. 

Bubbles of blood flecked from her 
mouth. “The spies are—shack— 
here—” She sucked in breath and 
Case felt somehow that it would be 
her last. Her voice became huskier: 
“So the terrible machine of murder 
that is war grinds on, with neither 
pity nor mercy; with a ruthlessness 
that—” She was choking, her voice 
coming like short sobs from deep in 
her throat. Case’s face was flushed, 
and his heart was beating very fast. 
He could hear the wind on the Pali 
and the rattle of leaves. 

“I have been such a fool, Peter 
Case,” she went on at last, “such a 
selfish, short-sighted little—” 

But her voice stopped there and 
Case saw her eyes close; they were 
like the eyes of a child who is very 
sleepy. Her muscles relaxed and 
when he bent down he could not feel 
her breath. He took her wrist and 
felt it grow cold in his own warm 
grasp. 

In a moment he was able to get 
to his feet. He was too stunned to 
think coherently. Over and over he 
heard her voice and the whining of 
the wind and the rustle of banyans; 
and he knew that he was walking in 
the direction of the shack she had 
pointed out. He knew that his gun 
was in his hand again, and that 
something cold ached in his chest. 

He saw the shack from the top of 


a hill. Figures moved about inside. 
One of them came out carrying a 
bag. It seemed to weigh him down. 
There were three men altogether. 

He gripped the service .45 a little 
tighter. He did not know how he 
was going to accomplish the capture 
of these men, but strangely enough 
it did not seem to matter. A Gov¬ 
ernment agent isn’t paid to think of 
his own life. He started forward. 
He had gone scarcely four steps 
when a Thompson machine-gun 
loomed from an open window of the 
shack. 

Brrrrrrrrrt! 

W ITH the first spasm of the gun 
Case was no longer a man. He 
was a cold and grim fighting ma¬ 
chine of the Naval Intelligence. He 
was on his stomach, crawling across 
the ground. The tommy-gun bullets 
screamed over his head. It was as 
though hell had broken loose. He 
lifted the automatic, rolled back. 

The gun belched with flame, and 
the man with the machine-gun 
dropped it. There was a bullet in 
his head. Case saw that as the spy 
gunner slipped down beneath the 
window sill out of sight. But the 
machine-gun had been silenced less 
than a second when the other two 
spies, both outside now, sent shots 
screaming into the darkness where 
Case lay. 

The shadows were Case’s allies. 
In the light of the house he could 
see the other two men quite plainly, 
Crawling, rolling across the ground 
sucking breath into his great lungs, 
holding the automatic tight in his 
sweaty hand, he moved inexorably 
closer to them. 

He opened fire again. Three solid 
blasts. The man with the suitcase 
whirled about, wounded. The im¬ 
pact of the bullet sent him to the 
ground whare he at once struggled 
to regain his feet. The other spy 
looked around wildly. Then there 
was a crashing of twigs behind Case 
and the roar of police guns. 

Case got to his feet and rafted 
forward. The spy who had not beer 
wounded was running in a straight 
line back through the trees. Case 


112 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


stood and triggered the remaining 
shots in his gun at him. Then he 
whirled in time to kick a weapon 
out of the hand of the man he had 
wounded. 

He jerked the spy to his feet. 
“Dirty pup!” he breathed. It was 
the first he had spoken since get¬ 
ting out of the car. 

The police arrived: five huge 
Hawaiians. Case jerked his head in 
the direction the last spy had es¬ 
caped. “See if you can get him.” 

T HREE of the Hawaiians raced off 
•through the trees. The other two 
stayed to handcuff the man Case 
had wounded and to drag the corpse 
of the machine-gunner from the 
shack. Case was looking at the suit¬ 
case. 

“That’s undoubtedly filled with a 
lot of photographs and maps the 
government will be interested in,” 
he said, “keep it in a safe place 
for me.” 

The detective - captain nodded. 
“Will do, Case. God. what a mess 
you ran into up here!” 

Case’s eyes flickered a little 
grimly, and then he saw General 
Isimo running toward the shack. 

“Meester Case! Meester Case!” 
he squealed. “So happy to see you 
vertical slant, not horizontal. Have 
bad news. Much work.” 

“What is it?” 

The little Filipino was breathing 
hard. “Called Wailupe as you said. 
But they can get no rise from the 
S-13’s radio!” 

It had not occurred to Case that 
he might not be able to radio the 
S-13 and order her return to safety. 
Now a new and more horrible fear 
gripped him. He and Isimo would 
have to fly out to the sub at once! 
“Come on,” he said thickly. 

They returned to the car. Case 
headed it down the Pali and toward 
the air island at Pearl Harbor. 

Twenty-five minutes later the 
motor of their Boeing sputtered, 
caught on, and roared. Case eased 
back the stick, geared the trim sea¬ 
plane forward. It skimmed rapidly 
across the dark water, and as it 
leaped gracefully into the air, Gen¬ 


eral Isimo, in the navigator’s seat, 
held on with both hands. His oily 
black hair waving in the wind, he 
screeched out his excitement. 

Sucking the cool night air into his 
lungs, Case, hand on the stick, led 
the ship, nose up, toward the stars. 
It lifted in a slant, like a child hur¬ 
rying up a flight of steps. They 
reached the mouth of Pearl Harbor 
in no time, and looking over the 
side, Case saw the beam of the 
lighthouse. 

His feet worked on the tail assem¬ 
bly steerage, and he guided the craft 
in a heavy bank to the left. Motor 
pounding hard then, propeller whirl¬ 
ing, he opened up. They swept over 
Aloha Tower in a minute or two, 
and winged swiftly out over the 
dark sea. 

Since the radio was dead on the 
ship there was naturally no way of 
being sure of its exact position. But 
Peter Case knew the course they 
had planned to take, and he now 
checked his own gyro and set bear¬ 
ings to follow it. According to his 
own calculations, the submarine 
would by now be nearing LaHiana 
Roads, off the picturesque island of 
Maui. 

Nearing the position he had ex¬ 
pected them to be, Peter Case, at 
length, brought the Boeing on a 
slant toward the water. They lost 
altitude rapidly, and he could hear 
the loose flipping of the guy wires, 
the rattle of a piece of canvas some¬ 
where near the undercarriage. He 
adjusted the goggles he had bor¬ 
rowed and looked down over the side. 

The sea was black and empty. 
Bringing the plane down to where 
he was no more than a hundred 
feet above the water, he skimmed 
along at ninety miles an hour, 
watching on every side of him, and 
directly below, for the missing sub¬ 
marine. 

Before he realized it he had com¬ 
pletely passed the island of Maui. 
Cold terror, or perhaps it was a 
foreboding of terror, gripped him 
suddenly. Thick lips tight, he 
brought the plane about, dropped 
even closer to the water and started 
back. He covered the same route 


DEATH ON THE S-13 


113 


he had flown before in almost no 
time, and by now his concern had 
greatly grown. 

He was about to lift the wings of 
the Boeing and turn about again, 
when he spotted red and green run¬ 
ning lights on the horizon of the sea 
ahead of him. And as he saw it, he 
realized why the submarine had not 
been where he had thought it would 
be. It had turned about and started 
back toward Pearl Harbor. That 
might mean there was more wrong 
on board than a temporarily silenced 
radio! 

He eased the Boeing gently to the 
water, skimmed rapidly over the top 
of it, once the pontoons had bumped 
down. Taxiing up alongside, he sig¬ 
naled the bridge by means of blinker 
code with a flashlight, then cut the 
motor. 

Almost at once sailors appeared 
on deck, climbing up through the 
torpedo tube and after battery 
hatches. 

“Hoist the plane aboard,’’ Peter 
Case called. 

He climbed out across the wing 
and leaped to the sloping side of the 
S-13. Feet planted on the hull, he 
pulled himself to the deck. General 
Isimo leaped immediately afterward. 
He caught with one hand and 
squealed until two of the sailors 
helped him aboard. His shoes were 
soaking wet. 

“Shoes go on expense bill,” he 
chanted unhappily, “ruined in line 
of duty.” 


CHAPTER IV 

Attempt at Escape 

HILE the sailors 
rigged a small deck 
crane, Peter Case 
went to the torpedo 
room hatch and 
climbed below. The 
torpedo room was 
empty. The battered 
phonograph was 
grinding at the end 
of a record, making 
no sound except a 
shrill scratching. General Isimo 
descended the ladder like a monkey. 



Case went in through the forward 
battery to the small wardroom. He 
glanced inside, drew back, then 
stared. Lieutenant Benton’s bloody 
corpse lay on one of the lower 
bunks. While he looked at this, 
Junior-lieutenant Stacy came through 
the C.O.C. He was captain of the 
craft now and had climbed down 
from the conning tower. Mari 
Mason followed on his heels, blue 
slacks sweeping across the greasy 
deck. Her face was very white. 

Peter Case looked around, and his 
Nordic face was set. “Who did it?” 
he asked thickly. 

“I don’t know,” said Stacy. He 
was short, had red hair and grey 
eyes; looked as though he had just 
come out of the academy. Although 
he must have been nearly thirty, his 
face was very boyish. 

“It happened on deck,” Mari 
Mason said, “I was there when it 
happened. Bill Benton had been 
talking of arresting some man 
whom he said did not belong on 
board.” 

For a moment Peter Case said 
nothing, then he declared: “Your 
killer probably credited Benton with 
more knowledge concerning his iden¬ 
tity, than the lieutenant really had.” 

General Isimo shifted nervously 
from one wet foot to the other. 
Case’s next words were sharp. He 
addressed the junior-lieutenant: 

“And you were going in?” 

“That’s right,” Stacy said. 

“How was the radio silenced?” 

“Someone slugged the radioman 
and smashed it. Nothing very subtle 
about this business, I must say.” 
Stacy’s youthful face looked strained. 

“With the killer still on board,” 
Peter Case said acidly, “you were 
going in to port where he would 
have a chance to get ashore and 
escape?” 

Stacy shrugged. “Well, I didn’t 
know what else we should do, sir.” 

Case said sharply: “Regulations 
state that when a crime occurs at 
sea the Intelligence should be notv 
fled at once; and when that is im¬ 
possible every attempt should be 
made to solve the crime before com¬ 
ing to port.” 





114 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


As he spoke Case felt the in¬ 
tensity of the atmosphere; as though 
high voltage wires were strung taut 
and to the breaking point. Every¬ 
where, in the face of every man 
there seemed to be death; expres¬ 
sions that were bleak, or resigned, 
or of fear. The men had volunteered 
to take a chance on the sub; but none 
had bargained for murder, and all 
hated it’s presence. 

The red haired junior-lieutenant 
looked up. “You mean—we’re going 
to remain at sea until—” 

“Until the murder is solved,” 
Case said slowly. 

Stacy’s eyes burned curiously. 
“Under the circumstances, sir, I 
should say that such a plan was 
dangerous. We have that invention 
aboard, you know.” 

“There are spies on board,” Case 
replied. “If we touch port they’ll 
have the chance of escaping in which 
case their ring would still exist im¬ 
periling the entire navy.” 

“But they might kill more of us. 
They might—” 

“You are quite right.” Peter 
Case’s eyes flickered grimly. “We 
are all in grave danger, Stacy; but 
as I have told you, there is more 
behind this than murder. We must 
risk our lives because these spies 
must be captured!” 

“I see, sir,” Stacy murmured 
softly. And for a moment there was 
only silence punctuated by the heavy 
throb-throb-throb of the Diesel en¬ 
gines. Then, the sailors evidently 
having finished their jobs lashing 
the plane aboard, the phonograph in 
the torpedo room was going. Low 
toned voices sounded everywhere. 
The pigboat rocked gently back and 
forth, water rushing along the sides. 

Mari Mason spoke softly. “Then 
there will be no dive to test the 
sounding machine?” 

“I don’t know,” Case replied, “I 
can’t tell yet. We have been prom¬ 
ised that if we do go through with 
it, the ship will be exploded. Yet—” 
he paused—“that may be the very 
method we shall have to employ to 
catch the killer.” 

Stacy protested: “Good Lord, 
man! In that case—” 


Case halted him with a motion. 
“During a dive,” he snapped, “there 
is absolute silence. Every man is 
supposed to be at his station. An 
irregular movement by any sailor 
will throw suspicion upon him. 
After all, the ship can’t be blown 
up by someone merely wishing it. 
Action must be applied and—” 

“Yes, but if they should succeed?” 

Case shrugged. “It is our busi¬ 
ness to see that they don’t.” 

Lieutenant Stacy was shaken. He 
turned and went back into the C.O.C. 
Case turned to the girl. 

“Sorry you have to be here, Miss 
Mason. My boy can fly you ashore, 
if—” 

“I must be here for the trial of 
the invention,” she replied. 

Case’s blue eyes were warm. “I 
admire your spirit,” he said softly. 

At that moment the buzzer of the 
ship’s phone sounded in the ward¬ 
room. Case stepped inside the small 
room, picked the instrument up. 
“Yes?” 

“Someone is trying to get away 
with the plane,” a tense voice said, 
“I’m going to try and stop him. Bet¬ 
ter get the men on deck and—” 

The voice stopped, and Peter Case 
turned, raced through the forward 
battery, into the torpedo room and 
up the ladder. Sailors gaped after 
him. He reached the deck to find 
that the Boeing had been secured 
aft. In the dim light of the moon 
he could see two figures struggling. 
Lieutenant Stacy, in the conning 
tower, was shouting down at the 
fighters. 

P ETER CASE leaped forward, 
swept around the blunt hulk of 
the tower, but even as he did so, he 
saw one of the figures near the plane 
—a tall, slim one—slump down in a 
heap. The other figure vanished into 
the nearby after battery hatch. The 
ropes securing the plane had been 
slashed and the Boeing swayed pre¬ 
cariously toward the sub’s side. 

Leaping over the figure on deck, 
Case careened around the plane, and 
leaped into the manhole hatch of the 
after battery. He crashed with a 
deafening thud on the steel plates of 


DEATH ON THE S-13 


115 


the deck below. A sailor whose bunk 
was over the galley table, stirred. 
The ship’s cook, in dungarees and 
an apron, had been sitting at the 
table reading; he looked up. Another 
sailor was at the door of the C.O.C. 
A machinist’s mate stuck in his 
head from the engine room. 

Ankles smarting, Case pulled him¬ 
self to his feet, stared at the group 
of faces about him. 

“Where did he go?” 

“Who?” asked the cook. 

Case groaned. “The man who 
came down just a second before I 
did.” 

The sailors looked at one another. 
“I didn’t even notice him,” said the 
cook, “I was reading. The fellows 
go up and down that ladder all the 
time. They go up on topside to 
smoke.” 

“I was asleep,” the man in the 
bunk added. 

“And I didn’t see anybody,” said 
the machinist. 

Peter Case looked at the chunky, 
unshaven sailor who stood near the 
door of the C.O.C. Case’s Nordic 
countenance was a tight mask of 
disgust. 

“What about you?" he demanded. 

The unshaven man shrugged. “I 
just came in,” he said slowly. His 
piggish eyes gleamed with amuse¬ 
ment. “Why, looking for somebody, 
sir?” 

“For a murderer,” Peter Case re¬ 
plied. 

The heavy pounding of the Diesels 
throbbed into his ear drums; the hot 
air from the engine room caught in 
his throat and choked him. His 
heart had started to beat a little 
faster, and he felt as though his 
skin was burning. The sailors ap¬ 
peared to be dumbstruck at what he 
had said, and no one opened his 
mouth for a long time. 

Throb — throb—throb pounded the 
Diesels. 

Peter Case looked the men over 
carefully for some moments; then 
he said: 

“One or all of you is lying. Be¬ 
fore very long I’m going to find out 
who it is. And when I do it’s going 
to be a long and sad story, ft seems 


rather incredible, in spite of the 
fact that the Diesels make so much 
noise, that a man could come down 
that ladder without being seen or 
heard.” He turned to the cook, who 
was skinny and had morbid black 
eyes. “What’s your name?” 

“Page, sir,” the cook answered. 
Case looked at the chunky, un¬ 
shaven sailor. “Your name—and 
rate?” 

“Martin, sir. I’m a torpedoman, 
first class.” 

H E glanced at the bunk. The 
sailor there was lean, medium 
sized. He had a heavy jaw, dark 
eyes, and short clipped hair. “My 
name is Lambert, sir,” he said. “I 
am also a torpedoman. Second 
class.” 

“Do you usually sleep in your 
dungarees, Lambert?” Case asked. 

“Well, I’m going on watch pretty 
quickly. I’m due to go on at twelve, 
and was just getting a cat’s nap.” 

“I see,” Case grunted, turning to 
the machinist’s mate, who was huge. 
He had black hair, and his face and 
hands were covered with grease. 
“You?” 

“My name is Ryan, sir.” 

“Page, Martin, Lambert and 
Ryan,” Peter Case said aloud. He 
paused, looked from one to the 
other, framing leading questions by 
which he could trap the guilty one 
so tightly that it would be impossi¬ 
ble to lie out of it. But suddenly, 
with his thoughts, came another 
idea. It hit him all of a sudden, 
and hit him hard. It seemed to write 
a key to the solution of the identity 
of the S-13’s mystery killer. If it 
worked he would have the murderer 
red-handed! 

It meant, also, that instead of 
just one spy being aboard, there 
were at least two! 

Case felt that at least one of these 
was among the four present: Tor¬ 
pedoman Lambert; Machinist Ryan; 
Cook Page; and Torpedoman Mar¬ 
tin. The knowledge made him tin¬ 
gle with excitement. He turned 
and climbed the ladder to the deck 
of the craft. He could see part of 
Maui on the horizon: the palms, 


116 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


tall and straight, the dust of stars 
carpeted behind them. 

Mari Mason and some of the 
sailors were grouped around the still 
figure that lay near the plane. A 
flashlight was turned down on the 
face. 

“Bradshaw,” someone said, “he 
was the quartermaster on watch in 
the conning tower when he saw the 
figure cutting the plane loose from 
the temporary stays.” 

Case glanced at the small iron 
boom to which the sailors had raised 
the Boeing and strapped it. 

“Bradshaw is dead,” said some¬ 
one else. He was a cotton-haired 
young ensign whom Peter had not 
seen before. 

CHAPTER V 

Secure All Hatches 

ARI MASON spoke 
up. “This is so un¬ 
fortunate, Mr. Case. 
So much of this hap¬ 
pening. Don’t you 
think we should go 
in ? Postpone the 
trial of the inven¬ 
tion until later? I’m 
sure my Father had 
no idea this experi¬ 
mental cruise would 
be such a gruesome one.” 

“I’m sure he didn’t either,” Peter 
Case said softly, “but as for going 
in, I’m afraid I must be contrary. 
What we are going to do is dive.” 

“Dive?” echoed the ensign, get¬ 
ting to his feet. The sailors looked 
up as though someone had lashed a 
whip across their faces. 

Case nodded, and then, seeing a 
flash of white down the deck, called: 
“Isimo! General Isimo!” 

The little Filipino came on the 
run. “Yes, sir! General Isimo, 
ganteelman’s ganteelman, awaits 
command, sir!” 

“We’re going to put the Boeing 
back over the side,” Case said, “and 
you’re going to take it back to Pearl 
Harbor.” He saw disappointment 
flicker on the brown face and added 
hurriedly: “Think you can fly it all 
right?” 


“General Isimo can fly anything,” 
he answered quickly, adding, “sir.” 

Case himself had taught Isimo 
a lot of things during their spare 
time in Washington, D. C.; but 
knowing the Filipino’s pride in these 
accomplishments he had appealed to 
his vanity. 

In another few minutes the 
sailors were lowering the ship over 
the side and into the water. The 
S-13 had come to a stop. 

The Boeing had been raised from 
the water in the same way that a 
lifeboat on a larger vessel is taken 
up over the side. The sailors hauled 
the lines through the pulleys, and 
then when the ship was in place, 
strapped it to the deck with stays. 
Now it was lowered back down, the 
sailors easing off on the lines until 
the pontoons rested in the gently 
rolling water. 

One man held the plane off with 
a boat hook so it wouldn’t scrape 
against the side of the submarine, 
while General Isimo scrambled down 
the sloping side of the S-13 like a 
brown monkey. His feet sloshed into 
the water. For a moment it looked 
as though he 'would plunge in and 
he screeched. But in the next mo¬ 
ment he had leaped, caught the wing 
which dipped with his weight, and 
crawled across it and into the cock¬ 
pit. 

Case waved at him. “If I don’t 
see you again,” he said, grinning, 
“you can have my tuxedo.” 

Without a pause Isimo shouted 
back: “It would be a feeting theeng 
for them to bury me in.” 

Case smiled, as he always did at 
the boy’s sentiment about him. In 
the next instant the motor of the 
plane roared. Isimo waved, then 
taxied smoothly down the water, 
gradually lifting the wings into the 
air. 

Case walked forward with Mari 
Mason. He nodded toward the con¬ 
ning tower ladder. She climbed up 
it into the bridge and he followed. 
Stacy looked at them. 

“I expect to be ready to dive in a 
few minutes,” Case told him. “First 
I want Mari to show me the lay out 
of the invention below deck. I will 









DEATH ON THE S-13 


117 


signal you from the wardroom when 
we are ready to go under.” 

‘‘Yes, sir,” the reddiaired skipper 
snapped, “but don’t you think it’s 
inadvisable to—” 

“The dive,” Case said, “is a net 
in which 1 hope to bag two killers. 
As for its advisability, I’ll take that 
responsibility on my own shoulders.” 

“That would be wonderful,” Stacy 
said acidly, “if we all were killed. 
What good would—” 

“I didn’t ask for an opinion, Mr. 
Stacy. You’re here to take orders.” 

Mari Mason climbed through the 
round hatchway down into the 
C.O.C. and Case followed her. Color 
was beginning to come back into her 
face, as though she had suddenly 
begun to believe in him. She showed 
him the invention and briefly ex¬ 
plained the main points. While they 
were talking the cotton-haired young 
ensign walked through the compart¬ 
ment headed aft to his station on the 
engines. 

“What’s his name?” Case asked. 

“Ted Bronson,” she told him. 

They went on discussing the in¬ 
vention, and he told her his plan. 
She was very excited about it, 
though he thought he could detect 
a trace of doubt in her face. Finally 
they made a complete tour of the 
vessel from the torpedo room to the 
battery room. 

“I think we’re ready,” Case said. 

S HE tried to smile, he gripped her 
hand. They went into the ward¬ 
room. They looked toward the two 
corpses, as though sealing a silent 
oath. 

The sub rocked gently in the calm 
of the sea, and the air was hot. 
Case could hear the faint sound of 
the phonograph from the torpedo 
room: “St. Louis woman, with a 
diamond ring.” 

He looked at Mari. “Well, here 
goes,” he said. 

She touched his hand, looked up 
into his eyes; her fingers tightened 
over his. “Okay, Skipper,” she as¬ 
sented. 

He talked into the phone to the 
bridge. A moment later the word 
was passed that electrified the crew. 


“Secure all hatches! Man your 
stations for diving!” 

Quickly, and silently, the sailors 
went to their stations in various 
parts of the ship. Mari Mason left 
the wardroom. Though a woman, 
her sweater, slacks and the green 
band about her yellow hair, some¬ 
how made her look quite equal to 
the job of looking after her father’s 
interest concerning the sounding in¬ 
struments. Peter Case followed her 
into the C.O.C. where, already, the 
ten sailors assigned to this—the 
most vital position on board during 
a dive—were taking their places 
near the controls. 

It is hot below decks, hotter in 
a tropic sea, and most of the men, 
in spite of Mari Mason’s presence, 
were garbed as they usually were 
during a dive: dungaree trousers, 
white skivie shirts; some of them 
wore handkerchiefs about their 
necks to sponge the sweat that 
rolled from them. 

Peter Case could not help but 
notice the tenseness in the atmos¬ 
phere, the grim, hardened looks on 
the white faces as they prepared for 
this—perhaps the S-13’s last dive. 
They seemed resigned, fatalistically 
so. 

Yet one could not help but no¬ 
tice the etched lines in their coun¬ 
tenances; the traces of fear in the 
muscles of their cheeks, the occa¬ 
sional slight quiver of lips. 

Lieutenant Stacy crawled down 
through the conning tower tube, 
bolting the last hatch after him. 
For a moment he stood in the mid¬ 
dle of the deck, his hat cocked back 
showing his red hair, his grey eyes 
hot. He looked at the smashed 
radio through the glass-enclosed 
door, and at last, glancing not at 
Case nor Mari Mason, went to the 
periscope. 

He grasped the cross bars and 
sat down. Almost at once the huge 
pounding Diesels went off, went si¬ 
lent. It was almost as though a 
thundering river had instantly 
frozen over. The sudden quiet was 
ominous, portentous. It brought 
reality to half numbed minds. The 
batteries were on now; the batteries 


118 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


which operated the ship when it was 
under water. 

Stacy leaned forward, and as he 
spoke, gave the orders to the men, 
talked into the voice tube to Bron¬ 
son in the battery room; his voice 
seemed to come from deep in his 
throat, as though something was 
clogged there and was muffling his 
words. “Diving planes,” he said. 

As he spoke, and the men re¬ 
sponded automatically to the com¬ 
mand, great iron planes, like wings 
unfolded from the side of the pig- 
boat so that as it went under, it 
was not unlike a giant fish with 
straight and sturdy fins that guided 
its course under the water. 

Peter Case looked around him. He 
observed the men, their sweating 
faces, their eyes in which death 
seemed to dwell. 

The sub nosed down, its blunt 
little bow wallowing into the waves, 
under them, and gradually the whole 
black and grey hull slid from sight 
until only the thin pipeline of the 
periscope remained above water, cut¬ 
ting through the surface with the 
slithering hiss of a serpent. 

At that moment when the sub¬ 
marine was completely encased in 
the limpid water, a chill seemed to 
freeze the air, blowing from no¬ 
where through the compartments, 
like the damp breath of death. Peter 
Case shivered involuntarily, and be¬ 
gan to sweat. He looked at the 
glistening steel bulkheads, oozing 
now with beads of perspiration and 
steam; water, dripping, dripping 
down the sides, and rolling in rivu¬ 
lets to the deck. It was as though 
the pressure of the sea were closing 
in about them; as though the ocean 
would crush the sides and sweep 
into the square compartment of the 

c.o.c. 

Mari Mason stood near Case, not 
moving, watching with wide green 
eyes. Her face appeared more calm 
than any of the countenances of the 
sailors; her eyes brighter, and less 
afraid. She would not try the in¬ 
vention until they were on the 
bottom. 

“Ease her now,” Stacy said, “slant 
thirty degrees, for the bottom,” and 


he leaned forward, pressing his eye 
to the rubber about the periscope 
eye, his arms about the heavy cross 
bars. 

CHAPTER VI 

On the Bottom 

EEPER, still deeper 
the S-13 dove, 
rocking back and 
forth as it made its 
way; rocking like 
a cradle of death, 
the water laving 
against the iron 
bulkheads; a loud 
swishing that told 
Case what was out¬ 
side. The bloated 
cigar form of the boat sank deeper 
through the murk of undersea; fish 
swam away from it, around it, eyes 
goggling; seaweed swept aside. An 
octopus and a shark hurried away 
from the path of the great iron 
monster. 

No one spoke except Stacy, giving 
his orders, and now Peter Case kept 
watching the men, and waiting. He 
unholstered the automatic and then 
gripped it in his hand. The sailors 
looked at it, looked up into his face. 
Their eyes were flickering crazily. 
So the worst was expected! Their 
stare seemed to say that, and in all 
the cold, the damp, heavy air that 
froze them, sweat came more pro¬ 
fusely. 

Bottom was reached at last, the 
boat thudded gently into the mud, 
and at once, Stacy put the ship in 
reverse. With the aft end high, 
it brought them ort of it, and now, 
his voice growing gradually more 
quiet, Stacy straightened the vessel 
to an even keel. Not even the peri¬ 
scope was above the surface now. 
They were completely under. Stacy 
leaned back, wiped sweat from his 
face. 

“Well?” 

Mari Mason moved forward, her 
lovely face composed, her green eyes 
on Stacy. “I will put the sounding 
machine in motion,” she said. 

The sub kept rocking on the bot¬ 
tom; water kept oozing down the 












DEATH ON THE S-13 


119 


sides of th? glistening walls; the 
sailors stood tensely; dungaree 
trousers, white skivie shirts, wet 
with sweat. 

“Wait a minute,” said Peter Case. 
"I want an accounting of the men 
in the torpedo room.” 

Stacy stared, then he spoke into 
the voice tube, called out the names, 
one by one. His voice echoed hol¬ 
lowly from the empty bulkheads. 

“All right,” Case said, when he 
was through, “all right, Mari. Set 
the sounding machine in motion. 
Pick up all craft within range and 
prepare your report for the board 
of officers in Pearl Harbor. This is 
your first real experiment on this 
machine, make it a good one!” 

She grinned, though there was no 
humor on her face. “Okay, Skipper.” 

Stacy looked up, thinking he had 
been addressed. But she had spoken 
to Peter Case. She moved toward a 
panel in which the operating mechan¬ 
ism for the device had been installed. 
Case, not watching her now, walked 
to the door of the after battery. At 
just that moment—the moment Mari 
Mason turned on the sounding ma¬ 
chine—the overhead lights flickered, 
grew dim. 

Case looked about. The sailors 
seemed rigid. Mari’s hand was to 
her mouth and she had turned pale. 
Stacy’s eyes were wide. 

Then the lights plunged out. The 
ship was in total darkness. 

An hysterical scream broke from 
the lips of one of the younger 
sailors. “Oh, for the love of God, 
get us out of here! We’ll be killed! 
Get us out!” 

Although Peter Case had not ex¬ 
pected the lights to go out, the 
fact that they did, did not change 
his course of action. It compli¬ 
cated it and made it more dangerous. 
Standing at the after battery door, 
the automatic gripped in his hand, 
he snapped: 

“Every man remain at his sta¬ 
tion. You, too, Mari. You, too, Stacy. 
Don’t move until you hear from 
me!” 

Yet in spite of his sharp words, 
there seemed to be a minor bedlam. 
The sailors were muttering, there 
(Continued on page 120) 







“{J have REDUCED 
MY WAIST 8 INCHES 

WITH THE WEIL BELT!" 

...writci Georg* Bei/cy 


SEND FOR 10 DAY FREE TRIAL OFFER 


THE WEIL CO., Inc.. 688 HILL ST., NEW HAVEN, CONN. 

Send me FREE, in plain wrapper, illustrated folder describing 
The Weil Belt and details of your 10 Day FREE Trial Offer, 

- - — 

Address. --- — 

Use Coupon or Send Same and A ddress en Penny Past Curd 


• * ‘ SUMMER . . . 


is the Ideal Time to TEST 
the Weil Belt at our Expense! 

TT\ON’T let a **bay window” make you the butt 
of locker room jokes! If the Weil Belt does 
not take 3 INCHES off that paunchy waistline IN 10 DAYS 
it won’t cost you a red cent! 

■ If you want that well-set-up appearance, get rid of the 
fat this easy way! No starvation diets ... no strenuous 
exercises • • • just get into a Weil belt and appear inches 
smaller at once. You will feel, as well as look like a new 
man as the fat disappears. With the loss of burdensome fat 
vitality and pep return. Many wearers state that when the 
abdominal walls are returned to normal position, indigestion 
and constipation are greatly relieved. 

IF YOU DO NOT... 

REDUCE YOUR WAIST 
| INCHES IN 10 DAYS 

... It will cost you nothing! 

■ It -would take a whale of a lot of nerve to make such an 
agreement if we didn’t know, from the experiences of 
hundreds of men that our claims are conservative. W. T. 
Anderson writes “Lost 50 lbs.” ;W. L. McGinnis says “Waist 
is 8 inches smaller”; FredWolfesays“Feel like a new man”. 

■ These men and many others are so enthusiastic about 
the wonderful results that they write us about it! . . . Why* 
not prove at our expense that it will do as much for you? 

DON’T WAIT, FAT IS DANGEROUS! 

| Insurance companies think twice before they insure a 
fat man . . . doctors warn against overweight. Why not gee 
that dangerous fat off before it harms your health? 

■ You will be completely comfortable as the gentle pres¬ 
sure and massage-like action of your ^Weil Belt persistently 
eliminates fat as you work, walk or sit. Don’t carry around 
that excess baggage any longer! Mail the coupon today! 








120 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


(Continued from page 119) 
was the shuffle of feet, and all of it, 
all of the sound was intensified by 
the silence of the boat. The sub 
kept rocking, and the water on the 
outside of the hull brushed against 
it. 

Case did not wait. Turning, he 
groped into the after battery, past 
the sailors on the huge electrical 
control panels. “Give me a flash¬ 
light, somebody.” 

He went farther, and someone 
pressed a flashlight into his hand. 
Peter Case turned it on. He saw 
the galley stove over in one corner; 
the bleached white table, and the 
bunk that was high above it, directly 
over the table. He saw the coffee 
urn, and the white faces of the 
sailors in the battery. 

A ND then he left the room, went 
through the door to the engine 
room compartment. On both sides 
of him were the huge silent Diesel 
engines, and Peter Case walked the 
cat-runway, the strip of steel that 
lay between them. The beam of his 
light penetrated feebly through the 
darkness, down to the end of the 
engine room where lay the closed 
watertight door leading to the bat¬ 
tery room. The battery room was 
the farthest compartment aft. 

Enginemen and machinist’s mates 
stared at Peter Case, blond giant, 
Nordic face set tight; flashlight in 
one hand, gun in the other, he swept 
forward. The submarine kept rock¬ 
ing, rocking, on the bottom of the 
sea. Now there was the deep hum 
of the Mason sounding machine 
which, in war times, would make a 
submarine almost a hundred percent 
more effective by giving them the 
exact position of all vessels within 
a radius of over a hundred miles. 
By this token—if the invention were 
a success—submarine craft would 
be promoted to a far more import¬ 
ant place in the defensive and offen¬ 
sive fighting fleets. 

Case reached the door of the bat¬ 
tery room. It was dogged shut with 
wrenches. As quietly as possible, 
he turned them loose; pulled the 
wrenches from their places so that 


the door would open. He had to 
holster the gun while he did it, and 
he worked there for several minutes. 

Then, gripping the gun again, and 
snapping off the flashlight, he shoved 
the door open, stepped inside the 
battery room, and slammed the door 
shut behind him. For a moment he 
stood leaning back against it, the 
gun tight in his hand. It was so 
dark that he could see nothing; nor 
did he hear anything. He was wait¬ 
ing for some sound. 

At last it came, a deep voice. 
“Who is it?” 

Peter Case did not answer, and at 
that moment a wrench slugged into 
the iron door just over his head. He 
ducked to one side, crouched back 
against the bulkhead, kept waiting. 
The submarine rocked back and 
forth. At last Case flipped on the 
flashlight, sent it rolling across the 
deck. 

Red flashed hideously, and shots 
followed it. The roar in the small 
compartment was almost ear-shat¬ 
tering. Peter Case pressed the trig¬ 
ger of the automatic; fired at the 
figure he had seen shadowed be¬ 
hind the red flare of gunfire. 

Wham! Wham! 

He heard a groan, a cursing; but 
the cursing broke off in a throaty 
scream. A figure hurtled forward, 
landed on him. Peter Case rose 
with the man still clinging to him. 
Hands gripped at his neck, and Case 
using jiu jitsu to break the grip, did 
it easily by placing his own arms 
between those that clutched at his 
throat. He swept his arms outward 
and the fingers lost their grip, the 
clinging figure dropped to the deck. 
Peter Case slashed his gun down. 

B UT the blow missed, and he felt 
the man holding his legs. Words 
came from the grappler’s lips. 
“Shoot him now. Shoot high!” 
But as the gun of the second man 
opened up, Peter Case had swept 
aside, landed on the deck, and was 
trying to crawl back to where the 
man with the gun was crouched. The 
other kept clinging to Peter’s legs, 
and now, clawing, tried to climb up 
on him. A wrench lashed out. 


DEATH ON THE S-13 


121 


Peter Case felt blood trickle down 
the side of his head, but the blow had 
been a glancing one. Viciously now, 
he grabbed the shoulder of the man 
who had hit at him. He caught the 
second blow as it descended, wrested 
the wrench away. It clattered to 
the deck; and Case—his hand still 
on the shoulder so that he knew in 
which direction to hit—brought the 
butt of his gun down mercilessly. 

He felt it crack on the skull, felt 
the warm blood that trickled through 
his fingers. The man’s grip sud¬ 
denly loosened, and Peter Case 
kicked him away, kicked him to the 
center of the deck. The man was 
out, but there still remained another 
adversary. This one had not ven¬ 
tured forward, but lay back, hold¬ 
ing a gun and waiting for a chance 
to use it. 

For a moment there was silence 
and a ruse suggested itself to Case. 
He would try to imitate the voice 
of the man with whom he had been 
fighting and whom he had just slugged 
unconscious. If he did not succeed 
he would be inviting gunfire and 
possible death. But if he were suc¬ 
cessful— 

He whispered thickly: “I’ve got 
him all right. Fix that cord on the 
lights. The explosion must have come 
off. We have nothing to worry 
about.” 

The answer came after a mo¬ 
ment’s hesitation: “John?” 

“Yes,” Case whispered. 

“You say fix the lights for the 
whole ship?” 

“Sure.” 

“But we —we didn’t hear the explo¬ 
sion!” 

“We wouldn’t back here,” Case 
snapped. 

Again there was silence, and then 
movement. Gun gripped in his hand, 
Peter Case was crouched. What 
happened came so rapidly that he 
had no opportunity to use it. Two 
shots roared out, thudded into his 
body. He went limp. Blackness 
screened his conscious thoughts, and 
then, very slowly began to clear, 
leaving a horrible debris of pain so 
intense he felt he would cry out. 

(Continued on page 122) 



wi+h G.F.FOSTER'S 
AMAZING BARGAIN DEALS 

and Cut Price Household Products 

If you are looking for a short cut to pros¬ 
perity with independence in a big paying 
business of your own, join the crowd of 
leading money makers selling O. F. Foster 
farm and home necessities in startling bar¬ 
gain deals and amazing low prices. Easy 
to build a big paying route of regular cus¬ 
tomers like Mrs. Martha Woodyard, a 
housewife, who made over $1,800 last year. 
3pare time; or like H. G. Quandt of Wis¬ 
consin. who has more than 3,000 cash 
customers for G. F. Foster products. 
Pays first day. Some make up to $15 
In a day. Write today for full details 
of this amazing money making plan. 

Bleecker-Foster Inc. 

Drat. U*78, 253 E. 4th St. St Paul. Hlnn. 


OSH PROFITS 



H. Q. Quandt 


'RETAILS 

ONLY 


Works From Any Battery! 

Amazing! New ELECTRIC ARC WELDER hooks 
up to any storage battery. Generates-tremendous heat 
—welds all metals. Makes permanent repairs on 
(/// auto bodies, fenders, radiators, sheet metal, brazes 
'// castings—stronger than before. Low power con- 
sumption. A real welder's tool, sturdily 
built. FULLY GUARANTEED. 

SEND NO MONEY— Comet has thou¬ 
sands of users in home, garage, work shop. 

Order now. Send no money. We ship 

_Comet, complete with rods. Pay post- m m 

man only $1.95, plus few cents poetage. If not delighted return ;_ 

days and we refund money. Comet Welders, Dept. X-175, Cincinnati, 0. 

^Scratching 

« RELIEVE Itching ^Insect Bites 

Even the most stubDom itching of insect bites, athlete’s 
foot, hives, scales, eczema, and other externally caused 
skm afflictions quickly yields to cooling, antiseptic, 
liquid D. D. o. Prescription. Greaseless and stainless. 
Soothes the irritation and quickly stops the most in¬ 
tense itching. A 35c trial bottle, at drug stores, proves it 
—or your money back. Ask for D. D. D. prescription. 



i&Kl® 




The Magazine of 
Science — Invention—Experiments 


A 


NOW ON SALE-AT 

NEW LOW PRICE 

10c 












122 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


(Continued from page 121) 
When he gazed slowly upward, his 
eyes feverish; able only to gather 
half of his thoughts, a hazy vision 
swayed over him. The lights had 
been turned on. The cotton-haired 
ensign, Ted Bronson, stood over him, 
a weapon gripped in his hand. 

“I waited until I heard you say 
enough to know you weren’t Lam¬ 
bert,” he whispered, “and to de¬ 
termine your exact position so that 
my shots wouldn’t miss this time. 
It was a clever trick, Case, trying 
to make me think you were my part¬ 
ner; but it is perhaps the last trick 
you will ever use. You’re dying 
now, Case; but I’m not even going 
to wait for that. I’m going to put 
a bullet through your rotten head!” 

The words seemed to be a soft 
patter that fell about him like rain 
drops on paper. He was not able to 
hear all Bronson said. He knew 
only that the ensign was desperate 
if not hysterical; knew that he was 
capable of murder and more. He 
saw Torpedoman Lambert—who had 
been in the upper bunk of the after 
battery when Peter had last seen 
him—lying nearby, unconscious, and 
splattered, like himself, with bright 
blood. 

And then, though he did not know 
how he did it, he struggled to get to 
his feet. It was more the power of 
a strong mind than physical strength. 


for his strength was ebbing, like 
water running from a punctured 
cardboard cup. Ensign Ted Bronson 
seeing his feeble effort, laughed 
harshly and ^lifted Case. He shoved 
him back up* against the bulkhead. 
Case watched through glazed eyes, 
and he felt sweat bathing his hard 
face. He saw Bronson, the cotton 
hair, the wild gleam in his eyes. He 


saw the gun Bronson held. And in 
Bronson’s face he saw death. 



CHAPTER VII 

T-he Killers 

klASE’S mind might 
have told him: 
“farewell, Peter 
Case; death is here 
with you on the 
bottom of the sea”; 
but his heart told 
him that even in 
death he must tri¬ 
umph. He must 
point out to Bron¬ 
son that even if he 
—a single and unimportant cog in 
the great crime-fighting machinery 
that is called the Naval Intelligence 
—was killed, Bronson’s victory had 
been snatched from him. 

He began talking, in whisper at 
first: i 

“Your spy ring numbered five,” 
he said, “one was killed, and one 
was captured ashore; the wounded 
Lambert there is the third. You, 
Bronson, are the fourth. Only the 
fifth man remains free for the pres¬ 
ent. A poor showing for five men 
who were commissioned to see that 
the United States did not buy the 
sounding machine.” 

Bronson rocked back on his heels 
and wiped his mouth. He seemed 
fascinated, and Case could see that 
the death of one of his companions 
ashore, and the capture of another, 
was news to him. Bronson seemed 
to become more nervous. He 
twisted the gun up in his hand. 

“Yes, but success or not, Case,” 
he said, “I think you’ll have to tell 
the rest of your story in hell. Be¬ 
cause—” 

“Your plans to explode the 
C.O.C.,” Case went on dramatically, 
“don’t you want to know why they 
didn’t work?” 

((J_ >> 

“I’ll tell you,” Case hurried on, 
and there was a deathless smile on 
his pain-wracked face. “The ex¬ 
plosion which was meant to wreck 
that one compartment could not be 
effected until the boat dove. But 





DEATH ON THE S-13 


123 


I’m ahead of myself. Earlier, you 
became aware that Lieutenant Bill 
Benton was suspicious of you and 
was about to make an arrest. So 
you killed him.” 

There was a strange light in 
Bronson’s eyes. His hand gripped 
the gun tighter. “What if I did? 
That doesn’t answer the question of 
why—” 

“I’m coming to that,” Case said, 
and he managed to straighten up 
now. “You wanted to engineer the 
explosion from back here so you 
would not be harmed. The only 
victims would be the men in and 
near the C.O.C. You and Lambert 
lead a wire from the invention into 
this—the battery room. 

“You also had Lambert lead a 
wire in from the electrical controls 
so you could plunge out the lights, 
simplify your problem by working 
under cover of darkness. When 
Lambert was through with his por¬ 
tion of the job, you no longer needed 
him about. You might have planned 
to murder him, claiming that you 
caught him returning from the bat¬ 
tery room; thus establishing a cul¬ 
prit and giving yourself something 
(Continued on page 124) 


SIMON TEMPLAR 

The World's Most Famous 
Outlaw-Sleuth— 

TACKLES A GRIM MYSTERY IN 

The SAINT’S 
PROGRESS 

A Complete Novel by 

LESLIE CHARTERIS 

• 

IN NEXT MONTH'S ISSUE 


Prepare to , « 4% m 

Fill these J 0 B5 



At Home From 

_ an ENGINEER 

Karri better pay! Get out of overalls! Learn PRACTICAL 
DRAFTING. Vf you're a Shop Worker, RAFTING wjU put 
you in line for Quick promotion. As a,mechanic. DKAFTING 
ineans increased earnings, more pay raises. DRAFTINIx leads 
in all industries. _ __ _ , „ 

JOBS OPEN NOW! 

Aviation, Machinery, Automobiles, Building mus( have drafts¬ 
men. I'll train you on practical irork by a method successful 
With thousands since 1000—and furnish you all tools; also 
Drawing Table. No high school or previous experience required. 
Tou must be entirely satisfied with, my personal training until 
competent and assisted to a position or money back, writ© 
today for free book on“T)raftsmanship.’’ You must giva your 
age. No obliga tions. Mail co upon below! ■■■« 

'engineer dob'e" : 

Div. C417 : 

Libertyville, III. t 

„„_____"Successful Draftsmanship** and 

explain how you will assist me to a good position as a 
draftsman. 

Name _ Age - 



Send me your free book. 


■ Address _ 

: Post Offlce- 


. State _ 



FREE 

SUITS— 

PANTS— 

O’COATS 

Given as Bonus 
Besides Large 

Cash Profits. 
Premiums & Gifts 


Sell only (4) suits to get a FREE SUIT. No limit to number 
of FREE garments you may earn. Wholesale prices, $16.95 
and up. Sample line FREE. No experience needed to make 
easy sales. All garments individually cut and tailored to 
measure. Satisfaction or money back guarantee. 


★ ★ ★ THREE STAR CLOTHES * ★ * 

330 SOUTH FRANKLIN ST. Dept. P-l. CHICAGO, ILL. 


FOREST JOBS 

available at $125..$175 per month, steady. Cabin. Hunt, 
trap, patrol. Qualify at once. 

Get detaUa immediately. 

Rayson Service Bureau, B-56 Denver. Colo. 

SONG POEMS WANTED 

TO BE SET TO MUSIC 
Free Examination. Send Your Poems to 

J. CHAS. McNEIL, BACHELOR OF MUSIC 

415S-TF South Van Ness Los Angeles, Calif. 


F BECOME A SUCCESSFUL 

INGER PRINT EXPERT 

Prepare for a Thrilling Career with a splendid, steady 
income. Write for Free Publication and Particulars. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE, Dept. E, Fremont, Nebraska 


PILES 

for pile suffei 

form urrito "fi 


DON’T BE CUT 

Until You Try This 
Wonderful Treatment 
for pile suffering. If you have piles in any 
form write for a FREE sample of Page’s 
Pile Tablets and you will bless the day that you 
read this. Write today. E. R. Page Co, 
421-B13 Page Bldg* Marshall, Mich. 





























124 


POPULAR DETECTIVE 


(Continued from page 123) 
of an alibi. You didn’t count on my 
coming aboard.” 

B RONSON tried to break in, but 
Case had no intention of giving 
him even a temporary advantage. 

“When I crossed you up, you 
might have covered yourself by hav¬ 
ing Lambert ‘escape’ through a tor¬ 
pedo tube or the emergency crash 
lock. That would lead Naval Intel¬ 
ligence to believe that the killer of 
Bill Benton had gotten away, leav¬ 
ing you, the remaining spy aboard, 
free of suspicion, and in a position 
to continue negotiations for the de¬ 
sired plans. You could blame the 
explosion on a deficiency in the in¬ 
vention.” 

“Yes, but—” 

“That’s where your plans began 
going wrong,” Case said hoarsely, 
“because Lambert was unable to re¬ 
lease the plane quickly enough. 
When Bradshaw tried to catch him 
he had to kill Bradshaw and escape 
Into the after battery. When I ar¬ 
rived in that battery a scant moment 
after he did, no one had seen him, 
although several men were present. 
I admit that at first I was puzzled. 
Then it was plain what he had done. 

“He had swung from the ladder 
that led down into the compartment 
right into the upper bunk! That was 
the only way he could come through 
the hatch without the others seeing 
him.” 

Bronson was becoming impatient. 
His eyes seethed. “That’s fair de¬ 
duction, Case, but—” 

Case felt the submarine swing 
back and forth; felt the water press¬ 
ing in against the sides. 

“Mari Mason and I,” he continued, 
“found the line you had strung to 
the invention and with which you 
intended to explode it from aft here. 
As I say, you could blame the in¬ 
vention for the explosion, you and 
Lambert would have been saved with 
the others who remained alive with¬ 
out anyone knowing your identities.” 

“I get it,” Bronson said from deep 
in his throat, “and before the sub 
dove you cut the lines making ex¬ 
plosion impossible. But you didn’t 


know we had a line to the lights, so 
they went out all right. In that 
case there has been no—” 

Case nodded grimly. “No. There 
has been no explosion. I knew that 
since Lambert was not in the tor¬ 
pedo room he was here to escape the 
effects of the explosion. You two 
were able to join this crew with 
faked service records and transfer 
papers such as spies have used in 
the past.” 

Suddenly Case’s voice slowed and 
stopped. Eyes wide with horror he 
saw that Bronson had found the 
break in the wire to the invention 
and was piecing it together again. 
“There was no explosion, eh? No 
explosion—” 

Case saw a vision of the result. 
The C.O.C. blowing up. Mari Ma¬ 
son and the others being killed. The 
boat lurching crazily on the bottom 
of the sea, fumes escaping every¬ 
where. He saw someone in the dark 
trying to blow the ballasts to bring 
them to the surface. These things 
he saw in his mind. 

For the moment he did not con¬ 
sider himself in danger, because he 
knew that the double-hull of the 
S-13 would probably prevent any 
break in the outer wall of the craft 
itself. The delicate mechanism in 
the control room would be dam¬ 
aged, but unless Bronson planned to 
die, a martyr to the cause, he must 
have arranged his own escape. 

While he cudgeled his mind for 
this explanation, he was inching for¬ 
ward. Bronson looked up at him, 
leering at his weakness, considering 
his puny efforts as impotent, unim¬ 
portant. 

“Think I’m trapped, too?” Bron¬ 
son gritted. Case said nothing, con¬ 
centrating his efforts on preserving 
his strength for one final, hopeless 
attack. “This submarine has been 
equipped for other experiments, be¬ 
sides that of the sounding device,” 
Bronson reminded him. “We have 
the new emergency control rooms 
that work the ballast tanks. The 
mechanism is right behind that door. 
A step and I can start the S-13 to 
the surface. We are only resting 
in about thirty fathoms of water.” 


DEATH ON THE S-13 


125 


Case halted, half in surprise and 
half in horror. The cyclorama of 
destruction still left figments of the 
bloody picture in his semi-conscious 
mind. The ends of those wires as¬ 
sumed a gargantuan size like the 
twin horns of a mighty sea devil. 

He knew what would happen if 
Bronson succeeded in what he was 
now doing. The fury of his inflamed 
brain gave him the power to move 
forward. 

Bleeding, his face strained, he 
plunged down at the spy. 

Bronson whirled about, snarling, 
the gun in his hand. It shrieked 
with a shot that whirled a fraction 
of an inch from Case’s head. Then 
Case was throttling the spy; even as 
he felt Bronson crumple beneath him; 
even as he felt his fingers on the 
ensign’s throat, blackness and pain 
surged into his mind so that he did 
not know whether he could go 
through with his job, whether his 
consciousness would remain long 
enough. 

His was blind and insane fury, 
without reason, but coupled with 
crushing action. 

Bronson’s head crashed on the 
steel deck; he choked out, strug¬ 
gled. Case was still on top of him, 
only a shred of consciousness left 
in him. 

But that shred was like a stick of 
dynamite. 

W HEN Peter Case next opened 
his eyes he was in the Naval 
Hospital in Pearl Harbor. There 
were two people present, one on 
either side of his bed, each holding 
one of his hands. 

He looked up into the radiant face 
of Mari Mason. 

“The invention is a success,’’ she 
whispered. 

Case smiled then, too; he looked 
at the person on the left. General 
Isimo’s brown face was wreathed in 
smiles, but tears ran down his 
cheeks. 

“Have good sleep, Boss?” 

“Good sleep,” Case said. 

“Have surprise,” Isimo went on, 
wiping the tears. “You caught all 
L (Concluded on page 126) 


BACKACHE 


Flush Kidneys of Waste Matter, 
Poisons and Acid and Stop 
Getting Up Nights 


When your kidneys are clogged and your 
bladder is irritated and passage scanty and 
often smarts and burns you need Gold Medal 
Haarlem Oil Capsules, a fine harmless stimu¬ 
lant and diuretic that always works and costs 
but 35 cents at any modern drug store. It’s one 
good, safe way to put healthy activity into 
kidneys and bladder—you’ll sleep sound the 
whole night thru. But be sure and get GOLD 
MEDAL—right from Haarlem in Holland— 
you are assured of results. 

Other symptoms of weak kidneys and irri¬ 
tated bladder are backache, puffy eyes, leg 
cramps, moist palms, burning or scanty passage. 


WILL YOU WEAR THIS SUIT 


and Make up to ill in a Day I 

Let me send you this fine all-wool union tailored 
suit FREE OF COST. Just follow my easy plan and 
show the suit to your friends. Make up to $12 In a 
day easily. No experience —no canvassing necessary. 

Send for Samples—FREE OF COST 
Write today for FREE details, ACTUAL SAMPLES 
.and ''sure-fire'’ mdhey getting plans. Send no money. 
H. J. COLLIN, Progress Tailoring Co., Dept. W-377. 
Throop Street Chicago, III. 


.Guaranteed 40Power<*>4§ 

Long Pi stance Telescoped hfcrt'F?’ 



magnified with tills TESTED Super 40 Power Tele- 

, ^ _ scope. Par away sights heroine as clear as if you were 

oh the spot when focused with WINNERSCOPE. See close-up of the 
moon, stars, ships, sport events, etc. Can also be used as a micro¬ 
scope for scientific observation. Makes objects miles away appear In 
front of you. A scientific achievement that defies competition. Durably 
made, brass bound, 4 powerful lenses, 1 foot long closed, about 3 feet 
open. Made in U. S. A. 

SPECIAL FREE OFFER. We will Include a genuine pocket telescope 
that closes to two inches. Fits the vest pocket! Great for emergency 
sights. Send No Money! Pay postman $2.48, plus postage, or send 
$2.48 with order ami get postage free. 

J. H. WINN MFC. CO., T-5408, 124 W. 23rd St., New York. 



GIANT 


FROGS 


American Frog Canning 


Easy to Start! Good Market 1 

Frog legs in big demand at good prices 
the year round! Small pond starts you. 

M m IV Sell to us in addition to 
* other waiting markets 1 
Season just starting. Special offer to 
beginners. MEN &. WOMEN get this 
year’s eggs. Write today for FREB 
FROG BOOK. 

Co., Dept. 106-R. New Orleans, La. 


WORK FOR TH 



START $12,60 to 
$2100 YEAR 
MEN— 

WOMEN 
Mail Coupon 
Today 
SURE. 


GOVERNMENT 


/ 


/ 


FRANKLIN INSTITUTE 
_ Dept. E-266, Rochester, N. Y. 
i Sirs: Rush without charge, (1) 32-page 
book with list of u. S. Government Jobs. 
(2) Tell me how to get one of these Jobs. 

Name. 

Address..... 
























HAVE A NEW SKIN! 



Free Offer IN 3 DAYS 

—and learn that what was considered Impossible before—the re¬ 
moval of Dimples, blackheads, freckles, tan, oily skin, large pores, 
wrinkles and other defects in the outer skin—can now be done 
harmlessly and economically at home in three days' time, as stated 
by lesions of men and women, young and old. 

It is ail explained in a new free treatise called 
“BEAUTIFUL NEW SKIN IN 3 DAYS” 
which is being mailed absolutely free to readers of this paper. So 
worry no more over your humiliating skin and complexion or signs of 
aging if your outer skin looks soiled and worn. Simply send your 
name and address to MAR VO BEAUTY LABORATORIES, Dept. 
75-i)\ No. 1700 Broadway, New York, N. Y., and you will receive 
this new treatise by return mail in plain wrapper, postpaid and ab¬ 
solutely free. If pleased, tell friends. 


High School Course 

at Home T 


Many Finish in 2 Years 

I Go as rapidly as your time and abilities permit. Course 
equivalent to resident school work—prepares you for 
entrance to college. Standard H. 8. texts supplied— 

Diploma. Credit for H. S. subjects already completed. Single sub¬ 
jects If desired. High school education is very important for ad¬ 
vancement in business and industry and socially. Don't be handl- 
Be a High School graduate. Start yoar 
__etin on request. No obligation. 

rican School, Dpt* HC-58, prexel at 58th v Chicago 


HAY FEVER 

W. K. STEP LINE, 


or ASTHMA 

TREATMENT on TRIAL. 
If satisfied, send $1; if 
not. It's FREE. Write for 
it today. State which. 

830 Ohio Avo, SIDNEY. OHIO 


FISTULA 


Anyone suffering from Fistula, Piles or any Rectal, trouble 
is urged to write for our FREE Book, describing the 
McCleary Treatment for these treacherous rectal troubles. 
The McCleary Treatment has been successful in thousands 
of cases. Let us send you our reference list of former 
patients living in every State in the Union. The 
MoCleary Clinic. 807 Elms Blvd., Excelsior Springs, Mo. 



Do You Want A Baby? 


HUNDREDS upon hundreds of women 
from Coast to Coast, formerly childless 
for years from functional sterility, and 
even often told they could never have 
children, ARE NOW PROUD AND 
HAPPY MOTHERS from knowledge 
and use of a simple home method—de¬ 
tails of which I send FREE on request. 
Parents are admittedly far happier, 
healthier, more contented, more pros¬ 
perous and actually live longer as aclasa 
than childless couples! A baby gives 
the real home spirit and ties a husband 
and wife in truest enduring love and 
mutual interests. The majority of dis¬ 
contented, unhappy marriages are 
those of childless couples. C (Copr. lasa) 

Get This Knowledge FREE 

years of practice in functional conditions of women I de- 
ithod, which is described in my illustrated treatise 


During my_ 

Veloped this home met 
sent FREE ON REQtJ! 
female 


5 organs and tells 


tf. It discusses many subjects relating to the 
you too may combat your troubles as thou- 

—.. j s—i --o babies after being childless 

" from thw various female 

___method.^DR. H. WILL 

ELDERS, 7tt>& Felix Sts., Suite 600-H. ST. JOSEPH, MISSOURI, 


(Concluded from page 125) 
four spies, great General Isimo cap¬ 
tured the fifth.” 

“Tell him how,” Mari Mason said. 

General Isimo straightened up 
proudly. “Lambert, he use airplane 
radio to signal boss ashore before 
he try to steal plane off submarine. 
When General Isimo, greatest living 
Filipino flyer, take off in plane, 
radio start working. 

“Spy says: ‘Lambert meet me at 
Yu Fat’s Dock in Honolulu.’ So 
Isimo know spy theenk Lambert is 
flying, and he signal back, ‘Okay, 
can do.’ When plane landed beeg 
boss spy not see so well in the dark. 
General Isimo slugged heem on 
head. Big boss spy now in jail with 
aspirin tablets!” 

Case could not speak. And now 
it was Mari Mason who had choked 
up with emotion. She got up, leaned 
over and kissed Case on the lips. 
And then she left the room. 

For a long while Peter Case was 
silent because he did not want to 
spoil the touch of that kiss. Then 
he looked at General Isimo. 

“Well, Napoleon,” he said, “what 
kind of a case do you think we’ll 
get next?” 

“General Isimo blinked. “Case of 
Scotch to celebrate beeg victory.” 


THE BUDDHA 
WHISPERS 

An Exciting Complete 
Diamondstone Novelette 

By G. T. 

FLEMING-ROBERTS 

• 

IN NEXT MONTH'S ISSUE 


CANDID CAMERA CATCHES CO-EDS 

















To help you 


2 



answer these j questions: 

1 —What are today’s opportunities 
* in Drafting ? 

2 ,— WM I like the work? 

3—Can I learn Drafting readily? 


Beginning Lessons in 

S Drafting 


Free 


Before anything can be made or built, the Draftsman first most draw ft. Building trades, transporta- PrOVe That YOUCafl Qualify 

tion, manufacturing—ALL depend on him. That ia why any piek-np meanB first call for the Draftsman! The 2 lessons will be sent without obligation. Look them over. 
Experience not necessary. Yoo can master Drafting readily by home study because you learn ana g ee how simply you start —how you can pass from a raw begin- 
advance exactly as professional Draftsmen work - with T-sqnare, dividers and drawing board. Actual ning to complete rnasUnry ^of Drafting - able to toolId* swant. 
working conditions duplicated. Thousandsot successfa 1 graduates enthusiastically endorse our methods. profitable job. Such a future is worth looking into, so, write l oaayi 

American School • Dept. DD C58 • Drexel Avenue at 58th Street • Chicago, Illinois 


MURDER UNDER 
THE MICROSCOPE 

(Continued from page 103) 

cles—it was pretty obvious he died 
of poison and not a bullet wound. 
He got scratched on the arm with 
a sharp bit of glass. A powerful 
alkaloid—the autopsy will identify 
it—was on the glass fragment. 
Within a minute or two, Randolph 
died. In that minute the murderer 
held him from screaming—” 

“I’m beginnin’ to see it,’’ Dugan 
murmured. “That scratch you ! 
showed us on his arm, signs of fin¬ 
gers at his throat—” 

“Quite so, Sergeant. While the 
swift poison was killing Dr. Ran¬ 
dolph, the murderer kept him silent. 
Then, when he was unconscious I 
would say that the murderer dragged 
him and hung him over the window 
sill. The murderer’s idea evidently, 
was to make it look like an acci¬ 
dent—Dr. Randolph scratching him¬ 
self with a broken microscope slide 
on which he had a deadly poison. 
And it would have looked as though, 
dying, he had crawled to the win¬ 
dow, gasping for air. 

“Dear me, that would have looked 
reasonable. The murderer maybe 
would have placed the poisoned bit 
of glass on the floor, or in the dead 
man’s hand. But things went wrong 
for this murderer. In his haste he 
knocked over the microscope. Un¬ 
doubtedly that was the crash Dr. 
Parker heard. And then the mur- 
( Continued, on page 128) 


HAY FEVER 



The severity of those distressing at¬ 
tacks of Hay Fever and Bronchial Asth¬ 
ma may be reduced ... use Dr. Schiff- 
mann’s ASTHMADOR just as thousands 
have done for 67 years. The aromatic 
fumes help make breathing easier . . . 
aid in clearing the head . . . bring more 
restful nights. At druggists in powder, 
cigarette or pipe-mixture form. Or send 
for FREE supply of all three. Dept. O. 
R. Schiffmann Co., Los Angeles, Calif. 


Newly Discovered Hormone 
Helps Men Past*40 


It's a hormone used by many doctors here and abroad to 
strengthen impaired vigor caused by weakened glands. This 
hormone, together with other beneficial ingredients, is obtained in 
Zo-ak Tablets (Blue Box for Men—Orange Box for Women) at 
all good druggists. Try them uninterruptedly for one month. If 
you do not feel vastly improved your druggist gives you your 
money back. Don't accept a cheaper substitute. Zo-ak contains 
the genuine gland-stimulating hormone. No harmful drugs. Booklet 
by registered physician free. Zo-ak Co., 52 W. 45th St.. N. Y. 


Prostate Sufferers 

Prostate glnnd acute or chronic, rheumatism, kidney 
and bladder sufferers send for free trial package, 
amazing results. Endorsed by doctors. 

PROSTEX COMPANY, Dept. 31, Miami, Oklahoma. 


(UNITED POEMS, SONGS 


For Immediate Consideration .Send poems to 

Columbian Music Publisher’s, Dept. 30, Toronto, Can. 

Relieve 
Rain In Few 
Minutes 

To relieve the torturing pain of Neuritis, Rheumatism, 
Neuralgia, Lumbago in few minutes, get NURITO. the 
Doctor’s formula. No opiates, no narcotics. Does the work 
quickly—must relieve worst pain to your satisfaction in 
few minutes—or money back at Druggist’s. Don’t suffer. 
Get trustworthy NURITO on this guarantee. Don’t wait. 



EVERY ISSUE OF COLLEGE HUMOR 15c EVERYWHERE 

127 




















60 DAYS 

TRIAL, 


I have thousands of 
satisfied customers 
all over the country 
who could not af¬ 
ford to pay bis 
prices. I have been 
making dental plates 
for many years by mail. I guarantee you satisfaction 
or they do not cost you one cent, and I take your word. 
Teeth made especially for you personally can be tried 
for sixty days. In one Pennsylvania town alone, 91 
people are wearing teeth made by me. They are satis¬ 
fied and have saved money. 

SEND NO MONEY 

My plates are very beautiful to look at and are con¬ 
structed to give life-long service and satisfaction. You 
can look younger at once. They are made with pearly 
white genuine porcelain teeth. Well fitting and 
guaranteed unbreakable. Remember you do not send 
__ __ one cent—just your name and ad- 
K K K dress, and we send free impression 

* material and full detailed directions. 

Be sure to write today for my low prices and complete 
information. Don’t put this off. Do It today. 

DR. S. B. HEININGER, D.D.S. 

440 W. Huron St, Dept 850, Chicago, Illinois 


>STUDY AT HOME 

/ Legally trained men win high¬ 
er positions and bigger suc- 
_ cess in business and publio 
’ life. They command respect. 

Greater opportunities now than ever 
Jr before. Bf# corporations are header! 
by men with legal training. 

More Ability: More Prestige: More Money 

We guide you step by step. You can train at homo 

g during spare time. Degree of LL. B. conferred, 

sssful graduates in every section of the United States. Wa 
sh all text material, including fourteen-volume Law Library, 
cost, easy terms. (Jot our valuable 64-page ‘‘Law Training for 
erahlp” and “Kvidence" books FREE. Bend for them NOW. 

taS.ll. Extension University, Dept. 8329-L. Chicago 



FREE FOR ASTHMA 
AND HAY FEVER 

IF you suffer with attacks of Asthma so terrIWe JJto and 
easp for breath, if Hay Fever keeps you sneezing «,nd snuffing while 
your eyes water and nose discharges continuously, don t fail to send 
at once to the Frontier Asthma Co. for a free trial of a remarkable 
method. No matter where you live or whether you have any iaitu 
in any remedy under the Sun, send for this free trial. If you have 
suffered for a life-time and tried everything you could learn of 
without relief: even if you are utterly discouraged, do not abandon 
hope but send today for this free trial. It will cost you nothing. 
Address Frontier Asthma Co. 278-B Frontier Bldg,, 
463 Niagara St„ Buffalo, N. Y. 


Exciting Stories of Federals in Action 

G-MEN 

At All Stands—Price 10c 


(Continued from page 127) 
derer -heard someone coming. He 
lad no time to escape so he ducked 
into the clothes closet. There was a 
little trail of blood leading there 
so we knew it could only have been 
made with the door open. 

“We know by Kit’s findings of 
the closet air that he stayed in there 
quite a time. That was while Dr. 
Parker fired into the dying man, 
discovered his horrible error, and 
rushed away. Then the murderer 
slipped furtively out of the closet. 
He didn’t disturb its air much. Kit 
found in the closet traces of the 
micrococcus, catarrhalis, and strep- 
tococcus*” 

“I don’t understand any of this,” 
the burly gardener muttered. 

“Dear me, probably not.” Dr. 
Feather smiled. “Those are com¬ 
mon germs. Anyway, you can un¬ 
derstand that while he was in the 
closet the murderer got rid of his 
damning murder weapon—the poi¬ 
soned fragment of glass. He hid it 
in a shoe.” 

Into the stricken silence as Dr. 
Feather momentarily paused. Dugan 
murmured: 

“But who is he? How can you— 

“A conclusive test, Sergeant. This 
murderer was bleeding. In his panic- 
stricken haste as he ran around the 
room, his blood was dropping. There 
was quite a bit of it in the clothes 
closet. My girl Kit got a perfect 
sample.” 

Dr. Feather’s voice was edged 
now with grim menace. “These 
three men have blood that is very 
different. Kit took a few drops from 
the ear-lobes of each and made a 
blood count. Yours, Dr. Parker, as 
you no doubt know, is deficient in 
the number of erythocytes —red cor¬ 
puscles. The pigment, the haemog¬ 
lobin of them, also is deficient in 
redness. You are anemic. That was 
apparent, just looking at your pallor. 
But otherwise you are in good 
health.” 

Dr. Feather’s grim gaze turned to 
the burly, flushed gardener. “You, 
Green, you’re in perfect health, so 
far as your blood shows. Red and 


CANDID CAMERA CATCHES CO-EDS in 


128 













white corpuscles, both normal. And 
you, Johnson—” 

The flushed secretary was half 
out of his chair. “Me? You’re go¬ 
ing to tell me—” 

“Your blood is red enough,” Dr. 
Feather said. “But it happens you 
have a temporary ailment, a pretty 
well established bronchial catarrh. 
A mean sort of bronchitis, and the 
white corpuscles in your blood have 
increased in number to fight the in¬ 
fection. Traces of the germs from 
you were in the air of the closet. 
And, wholly conclusive, the blood 
from your ear matches with mathe¬ 
matical perfection the blood scat¬ 
tered around the murder room!” 

The terrified secretary had leaped 
to his feet. He made an impulsive 
move to dart past Dugan, but the 
alert little Kit barred him. And 
then Dugan seized him. 

“So he did it?” Dr. Parker ex¬ 
claimed. “I’ll tell you why, Dr. 
Feather! He’s been gambling, and, 
drawing unauthorized checks on Dr. 
Randolph’s account. He runs the 
checkbook, pays the bills. Dr. Ran¬ 
dolph only goes over the account 
very infrequently. But the bank got 
suspicious of the unusual drafts, and 
bills didn’t get paid. Dr. Randolph 
told me that in confidence. He had 
given Johnson until tomorrow to 
make good. But Johnson thought it 
was all just between him and Ran¬ 
dolph.” 



Follow the World’s Greatest Sleutk 
on a Baffling Murder Trail 
in 

THE CAVALCADE 
OF DEATH 

A Full Book-Length Novel 
In the August Issue of 

THE PHANTOM 
DETECTIVE 

A THRILLING PUBLICATION 


EVERY A 
MONTH J 

Ifltf* AT ALL 
LUt STANDS 

Operator . 

No. 38 ja 

FOLLOW THIS MAN 

Secret Service Operator No. 88 is on the job 1 
Running down dangerous Counterfeit Gang. Toil* 
tale finger prints in murdered girl’s room. 

T?__ The Confidential Report 

H~* Operator No. SS made. 

m t0 Ki , Write for il. < 

Earn a Regular Monthly Salary 

YOU can become a Finger Print Expert at home. 
In your spare time, at small cost. Write for con¬ 
fidential full report and details. Literature will 
be sent only to persons stating their age. 

INSTITUTE OF APPLIED SCIENCE 
_ _ _ 1920 Sunnyside Ave. 

Dept. C-796 Chicago, IN. 


Prostate Sufferers 


A FIT of coughing shook the hand¬ 
cuffed prisoner. Then he drew his 
breath in through his nose sharply 
and Dr. Feather smiled ironically. 

“Let him reach for his handker¬ 
chief, Sergeant. His nose is bleed¬ 
ing again. In his condition the nose 
often bleeds easily, especially under 
stress of emotion.” 

Little Dr. Feather was beaming on 
Dugan. “A nosebleed is an awkward 
thing to have when you’re committing 
a murder. Dear me, this case takes 
me back to my early medical days. 
It certainly does.” 

• 

Watch for More Stories 
Featuring DR. FEATHER 



An enlarged. Inflamed or faulty Prostate 
Gland very often causes Lameback, Fre¬ 
quent Night Rising, Leg Pains, Pelvic 
Pains, Lost Vigor, Insomnia, etc. Many 
physicians endorse massage as a safe ef¬ 
fective treatment. (See Reference Rook of 
the Medical Sciences, Vol. VII. 3rd edi¬ 
tion). Use 'TliOSAGER/' a new inven¬ 
tion which enables any man to massage his 
Prostate Gland in the privacy of his home. 
It often brings relief with the firBt treatment 
and must help or it costs you nothing. No 
Drugs or Electricity. 


r FREE BOOKLET 

EXPLAINS TRIAL OFFER. ADDRESS 


DR. W. D. SMITH 
INVENTOR 

MIDWEST PRODUCTS CO.. B-2820. KALAMAZOO, MICH. 


POPULAR 

WESTERN 

NOW 10c AT all stands 


EVERY ISSUE OF COLLEGE HUMOR 15c EVERYWHERE 

m 

























What you get in your pay envelope 
depends upon what you've got in your 
head. Training is the greatest capital 
Stock any man can have these days. II 
you haven't got the training you need 


you can follow the example of other suc¬ 
cessful men and acquire it through spare¬ 
time study of an L C. S. Course. Their 
first step was to mail this coupon. Why 
don't you mail it yourself—right now? 


INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS 


BOX 3966-K, SCRANTON, PENNA. 

Without cost or obligation, please send me a copy of your booklet, “Who Wins and ^ 
Why,” and full particulars about the subject before which I have marked X: 

TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL COURSES 

□ Architect □ Sheet Metal Worker □ Plumbing □ Steam Fitting □ Bridge Engineer 

□ Architectural Draftsman □ Boilermaker □ Heating □ Ventilation □ Bridge and Building Foreman 

□ Building Estimating □ Telegraph Engineer □ Air Conditioning □ Chemistry 

□ Contractor and Builder □ Telephone Work □ Radio □ Steam Engineer □ Pharmacy 

□ Structural Draftsman □ Mechanical Engineering □ Steam Electric Engineer □ Coal Mining 

□ Structural Engineer Q Mechanical Draftsman □ Marine Engineer □ Mine Foreman □ Fire Bosses 

□ Management of Inventions □ Machinist □ Toolmaker □ R. R. Locomotives □ Navigation 

□ Electrical Engineer □ Patternmaker □ R. R. Section Foreman □ Cotton Manufacturing 

□ Electric Lighting □ Diesel Engines □ Air Brakes □ R. R. Signalmen □ Woolen Manufacturing 

□ Welding, Electric and Gas □ Aviation Engines □ Highway Engineering □ Agriculture 

□ Reading Shop Blueprints □ Automobile Mechanio □ Civil Engineering □ Fruit Growing 

O Heat Treatment of Metals □ Refrigeration □ Surveying and Mapping □ Poultry Farming 

BUSINE8S TRAINING COURSES 

n Business Management D Bookkeeping □ Service Station Salesmanship G Grade School Subjects 

□ Industrial Management □ Secretarial Work □ First Year College Subjects □ High School Subjects 

□ Traffic Management □ Spanish □ Business Correspondence □ College Preparatory 

O Accountancy D French □ Stenography and Typing _ □ Illustrating 

□ Cost Accountant □ Salesmanship □ Civil Service □ Mail Carrier □ Cartooning 

□ C. P. Accountant □ Advertising □ Railway Mail Clerk □ Lettering Show Cards O Signs 

DOMESTIC 8CIENCE COURSES 

□ Home Dressmaking □ Advanced Dressmaking □ Millinery Q Foods and Cookery 

O Professional Dressmaking and Designing □ Tea Room and Cafeteria Management, Catering 

Name ... „....Age.~ . Address ........ 

City ... State .. Present Position, ................................. 

If you reside in Canada, send this coupon to the International Correspondence Schools Canadian, Limited, Montreal, Canada 


130 






















| INVISIBLE INK. CAN BE READ ONLY BY THOSE WHO KNOW THE SECRET. USED BY . 



WOW! What a bargain! Real 
genuine Field Glass** » 
with six power mag- SM 

nification- Center ' 

piece quick, one 
finger focussing. A 
Permits ful' 
hampered. 

eyed vision . .. 

gives remarkable 
scope and clarity 
Swell for nature ! 

.|y. hiking, spoilt 
a million other 
Complete with l . _ 

packed in box. ONLY - 


Pocket Telescope 


Eagle-Eye Vision 

Six Power 



Big. 3 

draw. 6 p- 

•r telescone for 
inly 3Sc! Swell f 
mtdooib. na u*e 

sports, looking at ...^ ..—. „ 

Converted into Solar telescope bv u _ 

ingsmokeil glass soynn can sec sun spots.~ 
etc. 5" long, f*- "" 


25 c 


25 cents 


BROADCAST thru your radio TALK - SING - PLAY 


RDHUnPACT y0 V r voice on Programs coming through your own 
PI\vm/uN4l radio set—t-make announcements from any part of 
the house—inject wise cracks, josh and mystify friends. Imitate 
radio stars, practice crooning, singing, radio acting, etc. Do a 
“Ben Bernie” or a “Rudy Valee.” 



World Mll<te 

Made especially for home use, 
attached in a jiffy without tools. 
Not a toy. Put on your ofen pro¬ 
grams at home, parties, club af¬ 
fairs, etc. Barrels of fun! Easy 
to operate. m 

Price Postpaid 25C 


Open Any Lock 


Probably many times. Don't worry a . 
more about lost keys (or any keys, for I 
that matter), asthese master keys will I 
onen most ordinary door locks. Five I 
different keys for various types o 
locks. Will save their cost if you on 
ly use them once, but you'll obabli 
find them so handy that you’ll alwav 
cany them 

5 MASTER KEYS Price 25 c 



DELUXE MIKE 


substantial, alt 
Practise ra- 
broadcast. 




Renrodi 

out distortion. F 
l.ir table model—ca 
held in hand. Gu:. _ 
teed.Connected with 75c| 



- C C C . Marine - Army Ring 

__ .. flashy emblem, surrounded by the American Eagle. 

Like the 1J.S. Government men wear! Sta*e type and size. Silver Finish, 

Sterling Silver . $1.00. 1 4 kt. G o ld Ring , $1.76._ J 


Quartermaster - Navy 

^ Big jumbo si2fe. with a 


FUN LICENSES 10c 



printed with seal, 
suitable for framing. 
Hand one of these I 
your Jriend add 1 
will never forge' 


•vor forgot \ 

.e: Bootlep! 




License 

Diplom:.. _ 

Certificate (it looks 
real): Lia-’s & graft¬ 
er’s Certificate: Cos. 
siper’s Certificate: 
Spanish Athletes 

r *tificateT™ 


Dit.-e- s certificate; Meath Certificate: Birth 
Cerplicate: Arrest Warrant; College Diploma. 
Don License: Cold Mine Stock Certificate: 
Divorce Certificate; Air Pilot's License; Doc¬ 
tor s Certificate. Only SOc each. 3 for 25c. 

irii.'MiLiMiiLirra Tw 


•latinum 4 set 

loud. In the shank of 
the ring is a small 
croscopic nielu>e ... 
most in visible to the na. 
kcdeye.yel magnified to 
an almost incredible de. 

K -e. Pictures of bathing 
•nrh ac.resses. views of 
arna Canal, Lord’s Prayer 
word legible.). P rice Postpaid 





Smart, snappy, 
every real boy is wearing. 

Cool and comfortable. 

White Twill Yacht Cap, 
with black oilcloth peak, 
sweat bapd. gold' braid 
and brass buttons IKr 
with anchor. Price 
White Dack Yacht Cap. sup¬ 
erior quality duck, while cei 
luloid cap. gold cord, bra; 
buttons and red, white and 

front. State xK) 


Price postpaid . 




Ladies' Panties Hanky 


A perfect mode 
sarv lingerie g£ ... ... 
lies, which, when folded and 
worn in the pocket, has the appea - - 


Midget Bible 

£OU(llllCKtOOMICT. 


. of being a gentleman's hand', 

kerchief. A clever, funny joke. 

Price 15c Postpaid.__ 

Size of postage stamp. Over 
200 pages. Said to bring 



Pistol 
Cigarette 
Case 25 c 


. Ills merely a novel Cigar- 

_Csfse. Belter than the real 

. thing in many an awkward en- 

. counter. Great fun"stlcklnBup''vour 

J friends.They squirm and protest.Pull 
.he trigger and the slide files op. 25c 


Price 15c. 


HaEHI 


cat's whisker 


ii)es of a 

_ .... JP to 100 

....les under good con¬ 
ditions). All you need 
is an aerial & ear 
phone. Completely 
assembled & wired 
with supersensitive 
crystal, stand, base. 
___ crystal cup. arm with 
Reception guaranteed. 2Sc 


C COMPLETE DIRECTIONS. 10c BOTTLE.■■■■ 

^■ll hi \ I II II 



Remarkable results—simple opera¬ 
tion—low prices! 15 to 600 meters. 
Gets police calls, foreign stations 
anywhere, code, short wave, for. 
eignand domestic broadcasts, etc. 
with remarkable volume and effi¬ 
ciency. Each set complete without 
tube, phone, battery or aerial. 
ONE TUBE BATTERY SET. 
Good headphone vol- C1 cc 
ume. Complete Kit f*-00 
Wired ready to operate $2.30. 
SUPER ONE TUBE BATTERY 
SET. Gives better volume & 
reception. Complete Kit 52.00 
Wired, ready lo operate 52.75. 
ELECTRIC TWO TUBE. Oper¬ 
ates on house current. Uses no 
batteries. Powerful, sensi- 
53.00. Wired, ready 


« LIVE PET 



WATCH IT CHANGE COLOR! 


Get one of these most wonderful of all -- -- 
lures. Watch It change color. Study ItShahits, 
Wear one on the lapel of your coabasa cuetos tyr 
Shoots out its tongue to catch flies and insects 
for food • No trouble to keep. Can go for 
months without food. About 4 in. long. Snip¬ 
ped to any address In USA by mail. We guar¬ 
antee safe arrival and live delivery. Only 25c 


MIDGET POCKET RADIO 


Listen to Music Programs and Sports tverywhere You Go! Loud lone 

Beautiful dear tone while you walk! The amazing midget 
pocket radio gives you all the entertainment of a radio wherever 
vou are—in the country, office, on a boat, in a ear, hotel, in 
bed on bicvcles. ANYWHERE and EVERYWHERE. Size of 
a cigarette package, yet it operates perfectly. 
tone. Range. 50 miles. No static or noise. No batteries, no 
tubes, no crystals to adjust, just one moving dial to locate 
stations New sensitive rectifier and high efficiency design. 
Not a toy. Price Postpaid $1.00 . Earphone, 89c. Phone A Radio Set $1.79^ 

JU-J8TSU BULLIlfif 

The Japai 



BULLIED 

...„..........^se art of self-defense - 

New methods of attack ana 
defense are given. Illustrated 
so that vou cannot fail toe 
understand them. Deals fully, 
with trips. throws. wrist' 
locks, body holds, defense 
against revolvers, strangling, 
armlocks, scissors, 
headloek, holding .. 
down. double knee throw.' 
stick attack, defense against 
knife, one hand throat grip, 
defense against two assail¬ 
ants. stomach throw, secret 
thumb knockout. nerve 
pinches, and numerous others. 
Learn to protect yourself un¬ 
der all circumstances with 
nature's weapons. Fear no 
man. guns or knives! ••Scien¬ 
ce of Ju Jitsu” Only 30c: 




SILENT DEFENDER 


Used by police o'ficers. detectives, 
sheriffs and night watchmen as a 
means of protection. Very effect- 
live. Easily fits the hand. Useful In 
au emergency. Aluminum. Wt. 2 
- Pocket size. 25c. 2 for 45c. 


BOYS! BOYS! BOYS! 


THROW YOUR VOICE! 


^ Into n trunk, under the bed or anywhere. Lots 
“ of fun fooling; teucher, policeman or friends. 

THE WONDERFUL VENTRILO 




a little Instrument, fits in the mouth out of 
sight, used with above for Bird Calls, etc. Anyone 
can use It. Never fails. A complete book with 
full course on Ventriloquism together with 
the Ventrllo. Sent postpaid for only 


mgri 




g cigare t tes. Pr ice 


REPEATING SLING SHOT 

! \ufomaMc repeating slingshoi 
hat will fi e 150 shots with 
line loading! Designed fo- ac. 
curacy. Hulls eye every time. 
Extremely powe-ful and ha"d 
'hitting—will go thru a 100 
page magazine. More powerful 
than an air rifle. Sturdily con. 
strucled with non slip sue-’e 
leather shot holder and 'hick 
lively cords. 150 BBs. Slingo, 
the automatic slingshot, only 
25c. Tube of 200 Copper coat¬ 
ed BB's, 10c. Bell ringing 
Target. 30c._ 



BIG ENTERTAIN ER 


328 Jokes* 
lies. 25 Tr 
IO Parlor Ga 
73 Toasts. 

Stories. 10.’ 
ney-making 
rets, 22 Mono- 

logs.21 Puzzles. _--— 

Problems. Comic recitations. Funny Reat....--- 
lO Parlor Pastimes. 13 Flirtations. ,1000 
Names & their Meanings. 10 Picture Puz¬ 
zles. 37 Amusing Expe-'iments. Deaf and 
DuinbAlphabet. Shadowgraphv. Fortune Tel 
ler. Fortunes with Cards. .Crystal. Tea CUD. 
cl--.. Hypnotism. Ventriloquism. Cut-outs for 
Checkets. Chess. Dominoes. Fox and Goose. 
'• Men Morris. Anagrams. 25 card 1OC 



ijonr ■' c? 

|iocy( 

d!Hli* 7 TH 11 


envy theeasy rhythm 
1 and fascinating grace of 
Step’ n Fetch i t. Fred Asta Ire 
ftc! Tap dance in ONI Y 8 
HOUR-Sbya new simplified 
course by Prof. Wilson. No 
special ability needed. Be 
smart! Everybody’s tap¬ 
ping. The whole town is 
tapping. Beat out a 
tune with your feet. 

310 Illustration* 

Hostesses love i t. Friends adore 
it. Besides, tap dancing is not 
only Invigorating and enter, 
taining hut is also a healthful 
exercise for making the limbs sup. 
pie and giving a ‘’springy” feeling 
of fitness to the whole body. Pro¬ 
motes slimness nature’s way—no 
pi 11s. drugs or dieting. Readers say: 

.wonderful benefit. Thank you 
foradding tapdancingtomy accomp- 
liahmenis.” Price 25c postpaid. 




nd Vault 


Tricks. Crystal Gazing. 


■ etc, only * 


HMSTTnimJEflll, 


Two of the latest, newest models 
now out—50c and $1.00. Pattern- 
ed after the latest type of revolver. Shoots 
22 caliber blank cartridges obtainable every¬ 
where. Handy protection against burglars, 
tramps and dogs. Fine for 4th of July, New 
Years, stage work, starting pistol, etc., etc. 

Looks Like A 


30 c 

$1.00 



matic blank pistol. 

Fires blanks only. 

Looks exactly like ex- 
p e n s ivc automatic. 

Shipped by express, 
not prepaid. Price 55.50. Uses spe¬ 
cial cartridges, 75c per 100. 



Real Revolver 


Strongly con- . , . „ 
strutted with a flashy nickel fin¬ 
ish. Has dip barrel that allows 
the cartridges to be loaded 
a second. Medium size. 

Large size $1.00. Blank Car¬ 
tridges 50c per 100. Holster 
(Cowboy Type), 60c. SHIPPED i 
BY EXPRE88, NOT PREPAID. 


A 3 dial safe lock _.„„ 

Bank. Just dial the three 
numbers and open the 
vault just like anv 
safe. Big and roomy-it 
measures about 4x3 in. 

Swel 1 ~to keep vour 
money, jewelry, etc. in. 

Constructed of heavy 
metal with red and 
black trimmings. Full 
instructions with each 
bank. VAULT BANK 
only 50c postpaid. 

THRIFT VAULT Sim- 
liar in appearance to 
the above only made of wel. 
ded steel, and slightly larger. 
Packed in a box. with complete 
directions for opening. Price, ppd- 



$1.25 



DANCING 

OVER 101 ILLUSTRATION* 

^ LATEST STEPS. Be popu- 
% lar. Good dancers are al. 

I ways admired—always pop- 
1 ular guests. Partners wel¬ 
come them eagerly. Thenew- 
est. smartest steps without a 
teacher. Don’t make excuses 
when the music starts. Get lots 
of fun from parties and dances. 
If you want to become a perfect 
dancer, learn to dance at home 

' is new easy way. BOOK TELLS: 
iw to developpoiseandcontrol. 

...iprove your dance steps, art of 
holding, how to walk to music, 
how to lead, laicstfox trotsteps. 
Natural and Reverse Turns, the 
Reverse Wave. Tne Quickstep 
swaying to music. Waltz. Back¬ 
ward changes, the Continental., 
The famous Kiss dance, the Man¬ 
hattan. the College Rhumba, tt e 
Carlo, Charleston, etc. Art of 


Knockout 

BANK 


Dancing 


Big. jumbo 3 i/«jx2 i/t 
x5” bank with regu¬ 
lar boxing floor and 
two figures. Pop-Eye 
and his opponent. 
“ Each and every 
lime a coin is in¬ 
serted in the 
bank, the fight 
..... begins, and Pon- 

Eye delivers a terrific KO 
punch, flooring his oppo- 
f'-ut! Friends, neighbors, 
and relatives put-money in 
your bank lust to see the 
fiifetjt- Lithographed in col¬ 
ors. with iockandkey. IC. 
Price Postpaid. 



HOW TO BUILD I 

iunk yard parts for 


INSERT A COIN AND OUT COMES A 
DELICIOUS CHOCOLATE BAR 


Thrift Bank and Slot Machine 

The most novel popular, and useful bank ever invented! 
A regular slot machine, savings bank and profit-maker all in 
one. Just think of having this handy bank around, and as 
soon as your friends drop in a penny, nickel or dime—out 
comes a chocolate bar, all wrapped up! Leave the bank 
around the house and you will soon find that it fills up while 
you re gone. An easy way to save money—and make money 1 

Get Plejity of Chocolates—They’ll Go Fast! 

Well made of sheet metal with a regular locked door so 
you can open and remove the money and fill it with chocolate 
bars. On the front is a slot to drop the coin In, a window 
showing the chocolate bars, and a regular drawer that opens 
when each coin is deposited. .Handsomely lithographed in 
brilliant yellow, green and red. Get two or 
three hanks and PLENTY of refills — they’ll go fast. ^ »%C 
SWEET THRIFT BANK A SLOT MACHINE. Only W 

Chocolate Bars to fit In the Machine. Package of 10. . . ,10c 


MIDGET RACER from 

.. few dollars. Complete 
iagrams, etc. Price 2Sc 



LUMINOUS PAINT 


LUMINOUS PAINT, when applied toan 
oh iert. emits rays of whi *elight. render, 
ing It visible in the dark. The darker the 
night—the brighter it shines. Simple to 
» use—you can do it! Apply some to the 
lv dial of your watch so vou can tell »Jme at 

_ At night. Paint pushbuttons.switches.any 

'hirig. everything with it. Small Bottle. 25c. 
Medium size SOc. Large size St-OO postpaid. 



ADDRESS ALL ORDERS FOR COODS ON THIS PAGE TO 

JOHNSON SMITH & CO. 

JDEPT. 355 DETROIT, MICHIGAN 

Send 10c for our NEW CATALOG, or 25c for the DELUXE 
EDITION with permanent cloth binding. Bigger and better 
than ever. New items—different Items—things that you never 
thought existed. Nearly 600 pages of magic, tricks, novelties, 
Jokes, seeds, books, puzzles, etc. STAMPS ACCEPTED. 


JAPANESE ROSE BUSHES 


Perpetual Rose Bush seeds pro¬ 
duce one of the most amazing var¬ 
ieties of the rose ever developed. 

May be sown either indoors or 
outdoors and blooms the first year 
it is planted, and when three 
years old. the bush Is a mass of 
roses. Three Shades—white, pink 
and crimson. WE GUARANTEE IT 
TO PRODUCE SPLENDID FULL 
SIZE ROSES. Blooms regularly. Packet. 10c 



HOW TO LOVE AND BL LOVED. An interesting and complete book on this passionate subject. Read and profit. ONLY 10c P08TPAID.| 




























































































Tfvee TO MOTORISTS 
WITH OIL EATINE CARS 




B. L. Mellinger, Pres. (Paste on Post Card and mail) 
Ovrhaul Co., K-912, Kansas City, Mo. 

Without cost or obligation rush me FREE SAM¬ 
PLE. Also show me your big money-making plan. 


Name, 


Address 


State, 


SAVES UP TO 50% ON OIL 

Increases Ga$ Mileage Up to 45% * 

This patented mineral plating process threatens to revolu¬ 
tionize the cost of motor upkeep. * Thousands of happy car 
owners write amazing letters. Impartial Certified Laboratory 
Tests prove conclusively what Ovrhaul is doing. United States 
and foreign Universities findings are indisputable. The sav¬ 
ings possible, through this miner’s discovery, astound and 
convince the most skeptical. Let us send you this proof 
together with a real money making plan. 


F R E E [ 


SAMPLE 

Just mail the coupon below 
and we will send you a free 
sample of this amazing min¬ 
eral and full information 
about this money making op¬ 
portunity. Salesmen and Dis¬ 
tributors wanted to share in 
profits. It costs you nothing 
to investigate and may mean 
thousands of dollars to you— 
Send this coupon at once. 


If Your Motor Wastes Oil 
and Gas—If It Has Lost 
That “New Car” Power, 
Speed and Quiet, Send 
Coupon Below for Free 
Sample of Miner’s Amaz¬ 
ing Mineral Discovery. 

A quarter million car owners have 
Ovrhauled their motors, saving the cost 
of rebore and new ring jobs with a 
scientific product, containing this amaz¬ 
ing mineral which when heated expands 
up to 30 times. It has been awarded the 
Automotive Test Laboratories Seal of 
Approval. Nothing like it ever before 
perfected. Big opportunity for salesmen. 

1 Ovrhaul Your Motor in 30 Minutes 

At a cost less than spark plugs and in only 30 
minutes’ time, you can place OVRHAUL in your 
cylinders and start reaping the benefits of this 
amazing substance. No special tools needed—no car 
tie-up—no danger of ruining your motor by reboring. 

250,000 Car Owners! 

in the U. S. and Foreign Countries have used this remark¬ 
able mineral product instead of new rings and rebore. 
Placed through spark plug openings, it works on the min¬ 
eral plating principle. Saves up to 95% of Ring and 
Rebore costs. Not a gasoline dope or gadget. Does not 
contain graphite or harmful abrasives. Reconditions while 
you drive and a single application lasts up to 10,000 miles. 


Solves 25 Year Old Problem 


9iee SAMPLE COUPON 


. Mel linger. Pres. (Paste on Post 


Since motor cars were first invented—OIL WASTE, LOW 
.(IAS MILEAGE. LOW COMPRESSION. LOST POWER 
AND NOISY MOTORS, caused by worn rings and cylinders, 
have brought great expense to car owners. Before Ovrhaul, 
it was necessary to put in new rings and rebore the cylin¬ 
ders, costing up to $150.00. Now—a single application of 
Ovrhaul quickly checks oil waste—increases gas mileage 
and compression and adds new power, pep, speed and 
quiet, all at a fraction of new rings and reboring. 

Big Profits for Salesmen 

But You Must Act Quick — Val uable 
Territory Still Open! WRITE NOW! 

Distributors and salesmen say Ovrhaul is the biggest seller in 
years. 18,000,000 cars need it. Costs lees than spark plugs. This is an 
opportunity for wide-awake men to make mQney and make it fast. 
Let us tell you why Richman of Florida reports net profits as high 
as $78.80 in a single day. Hesseltine of Washington turns $'72.60 
in TWO MONTHS and Phelps of New York reports 792 sales in ono 
month. Ovrhaul opens an opportunity for you to get in this Big 
Money Making Class. 

QT1 IPT TthDA Y f You nee ^ n °t senfI any 

O f -rin l « vum « ■ m oney—Just your name 
and address on the coupon opposite or a penny post¬ 
card will bring you complete details of our plan and 
a FREE SAMPLE of the amazing mineral that makes 
such profits possible. No obligation. 

B. L. MELLINGER, Pres.. OVRHAUL CO., K-912 Kansas City, Mo. 




























