PUNCH, or the London Chakivarj, September zg, i 



Registered a' the Geneul Post Office as a Newspaper. 



to r T.-Jn IF.Irt.l 



^R«d. Trade iUrliy 




Of Exceptional 

Food value 



IS MADE BY CADBURY 



If 

■Son 




LONDON & LANCASHIRE 



ACCIDENT FIRE 



MARINE 



INSURANCE COMPANY Lto. 



■ ■ w.^ . \ -" . 



PUNCH, OB THE LONDON CHARIVARI. — Septembek 29, 1915. 




SOUND "VALUE 

THE TRUE VALUE OF ANYTHING IS MEASURED BY THE SATISFACTION 
IT BESTOWS IN RELATION TO THE SACRIFICE IT DEMANDS. 

The public too often confuses value with price. Price is only 
one of the two factors that determine value. The other — the 
worth of the goods offered. 

The real worth of cotton fabrics is measured by their actual 
resistance to wear or wash, and their permanency of finish. It is 
impossible for the public to determine these qualities except by 
actual service or by certain identification and positive guarantee. 
That is why Tootals inaugurated their famous policy of selvedge- 
marking, or otherwise branding their wide range of superior pro- 
ducts, listed on this page, and of guaranteeing their real worth. 

By thus enabling the public instantly to identify any of these 
guaranteed lines on any draper's counter, all risk of unsound 
material, finish or dye is eliminated, and permanent satisfaction 
assured. 

THE TOOTAL GUARANTEE HAS BEHIND IT ALL THE FORCE OF 
THE TOOTAL REPUTATION, 



TOOTAL 

GUARANTEED 
COTTON FABRICS 

SOLD BY HIGH-CLASS 
DRAPERS © OUTFITTERS. 
TOOTAL CLOTH, the pew Tootal Guaran- 
teed Velvet Fabric, light and suitable 
for the fashionable full skirt For 
Autumn and Winter Costumes and 
Children's wear. Rich colors that will 
not rub off. Fast Pile 27 inches wide, 
2/6 Corded, 3/6 Plain. 
TARANTULLE: For Dainty Home-sewn 
Lingerie and Baby-wear. In three 
weights— 40 inches wide. 
LISSUE HANDKERCHIEFS for ladies. 
Dainty exquisite self-white and indelible 
color border designs. 
PYRAMID HANDKERCHIEFS for men. 
Correct self-white and exclusive indel- 
ible color border designs. 
TOOTAL SHIRTINGS for men and women. 
TOBRALCO: A silky wash-dress fabric 
TOOTAL PIQUE ; Soft and supple. 43/44 



nche: 



*ide. 



TOOTAL BROADHURST LEE 
Co. Ltd., MANCHESTER. 

LONDON, ™ Cheapside. E.C. PARIS, 4z. Rue 
des Jeuneurs ; NEW YORK, 3B7, *th Avenue ; 
TORONT0.7=6,Empire Buildings; MONTREAL, 
45, SC. Alexander Street. 

OVERSEAS AGENTS : 
AUSTRALASIA; MELBOURNE. Stoedale St 

Sons. Pty. Ltd., Finks Buildings. SYDNEY. 

StoeJale & Sons, Pty. Ltd., York street. 
NEW ZEALAND: WELLINGTON, J. Gruar & 

SOUTH ^AFRICA; 'caph TOWN, West Si 
Robinson P.O. Box 5S0. JOHANNESBURG, 
Transvaal, West & Robinson, P.O. Bo* 3805. 



PUNCH, OB THE LONDON CHABIVARL— Seftembeb 29, 1915. 




GOOD lighting exercises a tonic effect. In 
a well-lighted room you forget the troubles 
and trials of a busy day — you experience an 
enjoyable feeling of well-being. Just as dark- 
ness and gloom produce depression, good 
lighting brightens the spirits and promotes 
cheerfulness. Therefore do not attempt to 
economise by diminishing the lighting of your 
home. Economise by using lamps which give 
the same or better light but consume less 
current. Use me . I'm Mazda, 
the truly economical lamp. I 
combine brilliance with the 
greatest economy. I brighten 
your home and lighten your 
lighting bills. I'm Mazda. 



All Dealers sell me. 

The British Thomson- Houston Co. 

Mazda House, 
77, Upper Thames St., London, 
Branches in all large lawns. 




DRAWN WIRE 
ELECTRIC 

LAMPS 



BRITISH MADE IN 
RUGBY.ENGLAND 




462A— 27/6. 

As good as Hand -made 



BUSINESS men who, for economy's sake, 
have given up made-to-measure boots and 
tried Lotus, are quite pleasantly surprised. 
There is no waiting for their boots to be made, 
no fear of a misfit ; they simply walk into the 
nearest Lotus agent's, choose their style, and, 
if they so wish it, walk out again with the 
boots on their feet. And many declare they 
were never better satis6ed and, even when the 
lean years are over, mean to stick to Lotus. 



Lotus 




TENDED SENSITIVE 
SKINS. 



Quickly Soothed by Cuticura. 
Nothing Better. Trial Free. 



Especially when preceded by a 
hot bath with Cuticura Soap. 
Many comforting things these 
fragrant super-creamy emollients 
may do for the skin. 

Sample each free by post. 
Address: F. Newbery & Sons, 
27, Charterhouse Square, London, 
E.C. Sold everywhere. 



Six months inclement weather! 






OCT. 


JAN. 




NOV. 


FEB. 




DEC. 


MAR. 



Decide for 
Ideal Heating now! 

Ths only sure means of enjoying all your home in cold or 
damp wintry weather is by installing an Ideal Hot Water 
Warming System. 



IDEAL*! 

1 Radiators 1 



DEAL 

B0ILER5 
id healthfully warm— 



make every nook and corner cosily and healthfully warm — banish the 
dirt, dust, smoke, soot and draughts inevitable with old-fashioned 
open fires — are readily installed at a moderate initial outlay — suitable 
for the smallest villa— no basement or constant water supply is necessary 
—the cost for fuel is only about one penny per day per room. 

May we send you Booklet No. 10, giving fall particulars, or 
arrange for estimate from local Engineer ? Inspection of our Show- 
rooms is cordially invited. 

NAUONALpIATOCOflFANY 



NATIONAL AVENUE, HULL. 

London Showrooms : 439-441 Oxford Street, W. 



Telephoi 



: Central 4220. 
■ne : Maylair 2153. 




^afOxfORD Circus !«}£ 

Oxford , and ., Ludrfati 

stre«. Ludgate Hill 



!s Pavilion. Folkestone . 



PUNCH, OE THE LONDON CHARIVAEI. — September 29, 1915. 



HEALTH 

A System of Exercise 
for Everyone — from 
Infancy to Old Age. 

RATIONAL exercise is the first 
step towards better health. It 
is what Nature prescribes to keep 
the body fit. Lieut. J. P.MuIler 
(Royal Danish Engineers) has re- 
duced exercise to so fine a point 
of simplicity as almost to give a 
new meaning to the word. His 
" System " is exercise without 
drudgery. It is scientific, easy, 
delightful and suited to old and 
middle-aged persons of either sex, 
as well as to the young. 

No appliances of any kind are 
required. The whole series of 
movements occupies only a few 
minutes daily, and there is no risk 
of strain. 

The responsiveness of the body to 
the exercises is immediate, because 
they exercise all the vital organs 
and every muscle of the body. The 
series includes self- massage with 
the hands — a novel feature which 
produces a delightful, exhilarating 
glow ; removes and prevents indi- 
gestion and constipation; promotes 
circulation ; tones the nerves and 
makes the skin clear and healthy. 

The Body-bending and twisting 
Exercises — performed without diffi- 
culty even by people unused to ex- 
ercise — strengthen the muscles of 
the trunk and massage the inner 
organs, ensuring functional effici- 
ency. As a result the acids which 
cause gout, rheumatism and simi- 
lar ailments are removed from the 
system. 

Stoutness is overcome by the 
discipline of the body under the 
Muller System, because the exer- 
cises restore the entire physical 
organism to its normal or natural 
condition of health. For the same 
reasons the System corrects ex- 
cessive thinness. 

The Muller System requires no 
prolonged or painful effort. The 
movements are varied, pleasant to 
perform and adaptable to every 
degree of physical strength. It 
is, therefore, a method of health 
exercise keenly appreciated by 



ladies who desire a shapely and 
graceful figure, a clear skin and 
the cure by natural means of the 
many ailments which frequently 
impair " the picture of health." 
Why this is accomplished by the 
practice of the Muller System is 
explained in a- booklet, " The 
Royal Road to Health and 
Beauty," a copy of which will 
be sent post free to all lady 
enquirers. 




A line drawing of a photograph of Boegebjerg' s 
life-size statue of Lieut. Muller. 



Personal Instruction. 

Tuition is given personally and 
privately at the Institute in bright, 
airy rooms. 

Separate instruction rooms are 
set apart for Ladies and Children. 

For those who are unable 
personally to visit the Institute 
arrangements can be made to send 
Instructors (lady or gentleman) to 
explain and teach the System in 
their own homes. 

Readers are invited to call at 
the MULLER INSTITUTE, 
45 DOVER STREET (opposite 
Tube Station), PICCADILLY, 
W. (Telephone 416 Regent), for 
a Free Consultation with Lieut. 
Muller. 

Postal Instruction. 

Special courses by post are con- 
ducted by Lieut. Muller to enable 
persons in the country and abroad 
to learn the exercises thoroughly, 
easily and quickly. Full particulars 
free on request. Please mention 
Punch, Sept. 20,. 



Evidence concerning the System. 

Dr. JAMES SWANSON, M.A., M.B., CM., 
F.R.F.P.S. Glasgow: 

" I have no hesitation in saying that no 
living man has done more to promote a 
clean, healthy life among the men and 
women of England than you have done. 

" I wish you long life and strength to 
continue your good work of salvation by 
attention to the body." 

" THE SUNDAY TIMES": 

" To sum up, the Muller System is 
undoubtedly an all-round comprehensive 
method of regularly exercising every;, 
muscle of the body in a minimum amount 
of time, and that, briefly, spells health."- 

Mr. HUGH de SELINCOURT, writing in 
" The Daily Mail": 

" After three months' regular discipline 
— discipline, mind you, accessible to every 
man — a man's body changes almost be- 
yond belief. 

" Do it, and you will see. Do it for the 
sake of your health and the health of your 
children, and your children's children. Do 
it for the sake of England, who wants 
tough, healthy men." 

<'THE TIMES" : 

" Lieutenant Muller is a good advertise- 
ment of his system, for he has a fine well- 
proportioned figure ; his muscles are not 
developed to excess, and it would not be 
difficult to find many young men in the 
Army or at the Universities of larger 
muscular proportions." 

"THE OBSERVER" : 

"There is no terrible development of 
thigh or biceps. You are only supple and 
upright ; only healthier and happier, less 
cross and less nervous, only nicer to live 
with ; cleaner, pluckier and more self-con- 
fident." 

" ARMY & NAVY CHRONICLE" : 

" It is essentially a system of home 
gymnastics suitable for all ages of men 
and women. It is simplicity itself, and a 
very slight acquaintanceship will convince 
those who try it of the benefit to be derived 
from it. It should be introduced into every 
school, and we should like to say every 
family, in England." 

"SVENSK DAM TIDNING," the well-known 
Swedish Ladies' Magazine : 
" Most earnestly do we recommend 
Lieut. Muller's System to the whole world 
of women. Daily baths, systematic exer- 
cises and massage, and exposure to fresh 
air and sunshine are not only means to 
health but also to beauty and natural 
vivacity." 

Sir ARTHUR CONAN DOYLE : 

" One becomes fit and keeps fit by carry- 
ing out Lieut. Muiler's System, which is a 
natural course of exercises without the use 
of muscle-straining instruments, causing 
no great strain and resulting in no after- 
collapse." 

Dr. H. VALENTINE KNAGGS, in his work 
" Indigestion, its Cause and Cure " : 
" The Muller exercises are probably the 
best devised for remedying constipation 
and indigestion." 



Septbmbee 29, 1915.] 



PUNCH, OR THE LONDON CHARIVARI. 



CHAR1VARIA. 

The Chancellor of the Exchequer, 
on learning that the enemy's attempts 
to cross the Save had been repulsed, 
was heard to murmur : — • 

" This paradox, prithee, engrave 

On the door of II.M.'s Treasuree, 
' The longer we stay on tho Save 
The sooner we go on the Spree.' " 

Mr. Lloyd George's controversial 
methods are mellowing. There was a 
time when he would not have hesitated 
to accuse his critics of emitting poison- 
ous gas. Nowadays lie contents him- 
self with the remark that they have 
wasted "whole cylinders of fervour 
and ferocity." ... 

Our public departments are waking 
up. A cargo of sugar 
which arrived in Glasgow 
recently was found to be 
on lire. The secretary of 
the local branch of the 
Refined Sugar Association 
thought it his duty to 
telegraph the news to the 
Sugar Commission, and 
promptly received the fol- 
lowing helpful reply : " Call 
out Fire Brigade ; inform 
the police." 



Surprise has been ex- 
pressed as to the means 
by which the two officers 
who escaped from Don- 
ington Hall managed to 
excavate a tunnel 220 feet 
in length underneath the 
main boundary fence. But 
the police have a clue. 
Another escaped German 
is described as having " a 
mole on his cheek." 



are not at all pleased with his new film- 
tax. .,. ,v 

Certain gentlemen in the neighbour- 
hood of Fleet Street were greatly per- 
turbed on Budget day by a rumour that 
War- prophets w~ere to be specially taxed, 
and a reminder that they had been for 
some time past subjected to a consider- 
able discount seemed to bring them little 
comfort. ^ * 

General Russet's parting message 
to Field-Marshal von Hindenburg : — 
" He that Wilna when he may . . ." 

An officer in Flanders writes : — 
"You can always spend a pleasant 
hour watching tho anti-aircrafts — for 
some unknown reason called ' Archi- 




Sergeant. "Take that flag out o' yek button-hole , : 

MEMBER THIS IS THE BRITISH ARMY. We DON'T WANT 
PATRIOTISM HEBE." 



A Danish correspondent with the 
Austrian army says that the Galician 
roads are bottomless swamps and that 
" automobiles can make no progress 
unless drawn by six horses each." The 
purists who always objected to the 
" auto " are now on firmer ground than 
ever. * ... 

" Smallest plots should be cultivated" 
was the headline attached to a recent 
speech of Dr. Macnamara. But you 
are not to understand that the Secre- 
tary of the Admiralty approves con- 
spiracy against the Government. 

" So glad all settled and pictures 
pleased," said an " agony " in The 
Times addressed to " R." the day after 
the Budget, But if " R." stands for 
Reginald McKenna we regret to have 
to inform him that American " pictures " 

VOL. CXLIX. 



balds' — missing the 'planes not once, 
but twenty times a minute." In 
Ameiica the air is clearer, and an 
Archibald brought down an Ambas- 
sador at the first attempt. 

* 

On the retirement of a Windsor 
postman it is revealed that he often 
came into contact with members of the 
Royal Family, and that on one occasion 
a Princess asked him to deliver a mes- 
sage for her. This breach of the pos- 
tal regulations has been reported to the 
Postmaster-General, who has, how- 
ever, mercifully decided to take no 
action against the illustrious offender. 
* 

"A month ago," the Neueste Nach- 
ricliten informs us, " Lloyd George, and 
all England with him, spoke with bated 
breath of the fearful Russian suction- 
pipe which was to exhaust Germany 
. . . To-day it is a far different cry. 
The Russian hammer is smashed." 



Happily, the other implement seems 
to be still going strong. 

The same paper declares that " the 
shadows of poverty and want " in 
Britain will be finally dispersed "by 
the all-potent and flashing , sword- 
thrusts of the all-highest Emperor 
himself." We note with interest this 
confirmation of the belief that the 
Kaiser fights with shadows. 

A correspondent of the Vossische 
Zeitung just returned from London 
says that respectable male citizens of 
London on Sunday mornings dress 
themselves in their Sunday best, and 
with their " gilt-edged hymnbooks 
under their arms" (no allusion to the 
Stock Exchange) repair to a crowded 
gambling and drinking 
club in the neighbourhood 
of a church, where they 
pass the hours of divine 
service. They then return 
to their homes, where they 
discuss with their wives 
and children the points of 
the sermons they are 
supposed to have heard. 
Where do they pick up 
these secrets of our na- 
tional life ? It seems that 
the spy-peril lias not been 
exaggerated. 

* 

The cow which walked 
down twenty stairs into 
the basement of a shop at 
Reading is believed to have 
mistaken the cellar for a 
byre. * * 

LAD. Re- 

none o' yee A Tommy writing home 
from the Dardanelles, after 
describing the closeness of our trenches 
to those of the enemy, concludes 
thus : — " The other morning I was 
using a periscope as a looking-glass 
for shaving, and when I had finished 
found I had shaved a Turk." 



Agricultural Chemistry, 

Extract from an Indian landowner's 
letter to a Government adviser : — 

" And in order to use the improved system 
(of cultivation) I beg you very kindly to suggest 
a book on Pharmacy." 



"There are few families who can boast of 
such a patriotic record as Mr. and Mrs. Clark, 
of Woodhead Street, New Ferry, who have 
no fewer than six sons serving their King and 
country. With the exception of the eldest 
son James, who has 131 years' service in the 
artillery, tho brothers all onlisted after the 
declaration of war." — Birkenhead News. 

Although the War is dragging a bit, it 
is hoped, with some confidence, that 
James's record will remain unbroken. 



262 



PUNCH, OK THE LONDON CHARIVARI. [September 29, 1915. 



TO MR. McKENNA. 

After Swinburne's "The Oblation." 
[Duty has been proposed on cocoa, tea, clocks, cinema films, musical 
instruments, etc.] 

Ask something more of me, please ; 
All that you mention I '11 do ; 

Bless your dear heart, were it more, 
More would I give at a squeeze — - 
Gold for our worrying through, 
Notes for the sinews of war. 

'Tis but a trifle to raise ; 

So I may gladden your eyes, 
Willingly up will I stump, 
Watching with patriot gaze 
Cocoa and clocks as they rise, 
Films and bassoons on the jump. 

I that have nothing to spare 
Cheerf ally part with the same ; 
Little I envy their pile, 
Misers that grudge you your share ; ' 
His is the joy of the game, 

His who can pay with a smile. O. S. 



ONE OF THE BULLDOG BREED. 

[" Aa indent is a wondrously perfected device for whitening the hair 
of the officer involved."- — Mr. Arnold Bennett in "The Daily 
News."] 

Lieut, and Acting-Quartermaster Denton- Smy the sat in 
his office prepared for the nerve-racking process of filling 
in the daily indent. Summoning up that courage which is 
instinctive in the British officer, he opened Army Book B 55 
and wrote the name of his unit, " H Bty. 999th Bde. 
R.IVA." on the top line. Without resting after the mental 
strain involved he filled in the word " One " in the space 
for " No. of day's rations required ; " and again, without 
pause, filled in the date, " Sept. 20th," in the space for 
" Date when rations are required." 

Many men would have taken a rest at this point, but 
Lieut. Denton- Smy the was made of sterner stuff. He 
only paused long enough to dip his pen in the ink and then 
entered the number 112 in the space for " No. of officers, 
warrant officers, non-com. officers and men," and the 
number 112 in the space for " No. of rations required." 

The unflinching sense of duty which characterises our 
officers was never better exemplified than in the 'case of 
Lieut. Denton- Siny the. Even after the exhausting mental 
effort required to calculate that 112 men would require 
112 rations he would not yield to exhaustion. 

Again dipping his pen in the ink with the same deter- 
mination with which he would have thrust a bayonet 
through a German, he put the number 126 in the space 
provided on the form for "No. of horses;" and again, with 
no outward sign of brain fatigue, he calculated the number 
of rations required for 126 horses and entered the number 
126 in the space provided. 

Then, gathering together what remained of his superb 
energy, he signed his name at the foot of the document 
and laid down his pen. 

Here one would like to he able to say that he was free 
to rest — to go on leave for a week, and, attended by loving 
members of bis family, or by one even dearer than they, to 
recuperate his jaded brain and shattered tissues. 

But the Army regulations are callous, and no such happy 
ending is possible, unless we tamper with truth. 

The gallant officer had laid down his pen, but his task 



was still incomplete. He had yet to detach the indent 
from the book. This done he rose and, with a supreme 
effort, opened the door and said, "Corporal, send this to 
the Supply Office." Then he collapsed. 



THE SIGNAL. 

Concerning the multitudinous charms and stately sweet- 
nesses of Audrey, much might be written, but as this is to 
be an article, as opposed to a book, and as young goddesses, 
being but human, may be spoilt by a too candid worship, 
I will here confine myself to her single fault. Audrey is 
romantic, nay more, she is mediaeval. When recently I 
approached her with a certain momentous question, she 
was fresh from half-a-dozen versions of the " Tristram and 
Iseult" legend, and to say that she was full of it is to put 
the case feebly. The sick lover was to infer, you remember, 
from the white or black sail on the good ship Sivan whether 
his affaire was going smoothly or quashed for ever ; and 
Audrey proposed to tell me my fate by a modernised treat- 
ment of the idea. After a clear week for reflection, she 
would meet me by appointment, and if she came clad in 
brilliant hues I might go to the jewellers' at once for the 
ring; but if the tints of her attire were "neutral" all 
would be over, and I could interview the chemist, with 
an order for strychnine, at my earliest convenience. 

The fateful night arrived, and Audrey's ensemble flung 
me into mingled triumph and despair. Even to my dull 
masculine eyes the run of her tints was appallingly neutral ; 
but there was one solitary gleam of hope. She wore on 
her breast a screaming red rosette which would have 
spoilt the beauty of any ordinary girl. Poor tongue-tied 
coward, I lacked the nerve to insist on an answer outright, 
and we proceeded with the agenda of the evening, which 
consisted of a theatre, a modest War-supper, and a taxi 
home. I trust never again to pass through such torments 
of doubt and suspense. At last, as we stood on the steps 
of " The Lindens," where Audrey dwells, I could no longer 
silence my anguish. 

" Tell me, dearest," I whispered, hoarse with emotion, 
" tell me, and put me out of my pain. Are these tints to 
be taken as brilliant or neutral ? " 

"You silly boy," she replied, "as if I could dress in 
bright colours now-a-days ! Why, you can't get anything 
in that line fit to make up for love or money ! " 
. A great wave of hope surged over me. 

" But this thing," I cried, pointing to the scarlet abomina- 
tion on her breast, " it means ? " 

" Sh — h — h ! " she whispered. " It 's a dead secret, and 
papa would disinherit me if he found out. I stole his Civic 
Volunteer brassard and made a temporary rosette of it. 
That seemed the handiest way to show what I mean 1 " 

My memory has as yet failed to reconstruct fully 
the next whirling moment, but it is thought, from the 
undeniable dustiness of my knees on the following morning, 
that I behaved in the best sixteenth- century style. Audrey 
informs me that a special on duty outside " Menaggio," 
four doors away, paused as if in doubt whether to arrest 
me or not, and at last gave a furious stamp and strode off 
in disgust. It may be that long years had dimmed the 
memory of his own youth. Or possibly his feet were cold. 



Clear as Hud. 

" Sir. Withers knows all the machinery of the money market, and 
he has a lucid style which makes matters plain normally very 
mysterious and technical to the layman." — Advt. in " Cornhill." 

The right answer to the hospitable "Say when" is "After 
the War." 



PUNCH, OR THE LONDON CHARIVARI. — September 29, 1915. 




THE BALKAN QUESTION. 

Bocmania. "COMING IN, EERDIE?" 

Bulgaria. " WELL, I'M NOT SURE THAT I SHAN'T. I'M FEELING A BIT LESS NEUTRAL 
JUST NOW." 



September 29, 1915.] PUNCH, OK THE LONDON CHARIVARI. 



265 




V. A. D. Nurse. "On, dear! What shall I do? A light diet has eaten up a full diet 



DOING HIS BIT. 

Ministers prate of economy ; 

Threats of compulsion are rife ; 
You still preserve your autonomy, 

Lead a luxurious life. 

Daintiest footwear to tread upon, 
Eaiment of glossiest silk, 

Downiest cushions to bed upon, 
Diet of creamiest milk. 

Must we convict you of vanity, 
Gay little dog of Pekin ; 

Deem you a whelp of Inanity, 
Crossed with Original Sin ? 

Can you be deaf to the clarion 
Call of anation in arms ? 

Are you contented to carry on 
Wrapped in effeminate charms ? 

Aping the tricks of Society, 
Pitiful slave of your maw, 

Begging, though gorged to satiety, 
Giving a dandified paw ? 



No ; for, though sprung from another 
land, 

Freely you serve in your way, 
Eager to " Die for the Motherland " 
Dozens of times in a day. 



The Repentant Murderer. 

Extract from the letter of a girl to 
her friend: — ■ 

"... Wc liavo had two Zeppelins over here 
this week, one last night which mother saw 
going to church, and one on Tuesday . . . ." 



"Lady would like to meet occasionally 
elderly lady living alone for companionship.' 

GlasrjQxo Herald. 

This type of occasionally elderly lady 
is only to be found in Ireland. 



From an essay on the Press Censor- 
ship by an L.C.C. scholar aged nine :— 

"When a man prints something that the 
Government don't wish the people to know 
the newspapers leave a blank. It is called 
stop-press news." 



Vestments for the Church. Militant. 

From a Parish Magazine :— 
"We have also been presented with a red 
cope, which is very nice, but unfortunately 
the boxing gloves for which an appeal was 
made have not yet appeared." 



From a German description of the 
fighting in the West : — 

" With faint shrieks, like scared little birds, 
the French infantry whizzed over our heads." 

Vernon News (British Columbia). 
Hence the name "piou-piou." 



" If the airship is near or overhead, lie down 
and get on the lee side of a wall, which will 
break the blast, should a bomb explode near 
at hand, placing that wall between, yourself 
and the window or windows." — Daily Mail. 
We fear the portable wall will present 
some difficulties. 



" W t anted, cell arm an, one illegible for 
military servieo, live in preferred." 

Yorkshire Post. 
Whilst living in his subterranean retreat 
he might try to improve - his hand- 
writing. 



PUNCH, OR THE LONDON CHARIVARI. 



[September 29, 1915. 



THE SHIRKER. 

I had never beaten Petherby ; not 
that he is a billiard expert, but merely 
that I am a rabbit. A masterly series 
of two nursery ' cannons, varied some- 
times by (and very occasionally coupled 
with) a hazard is all I aspire to. Peth- 
erby, on the other hand, can generally 
manage to score something every time, 
and not infrequently runs into some 
of the humbler double figures. The 
truth, is that I do not possess the 
discriminating eye of a Digglb for 
the niceties of angles. But I have one 
facility of which I am proud and to 
which I shall allude later. 

A few weeks ago, at Petherby's house, 
I found him in one of his rare off moods. 
These off moods of his generally signify 
that he beats me by a mere 
150 or so in 250 up, instead 
of by the more customary 
margin of 200 or more. 
But on the night in 
question Petherby was 
playing so shockingly and 
I so brilliantly (on two 
successive visits to the 
table I had played for 
safety and scored a clear 
board each time), that at 
length I was 240 to his 
247. It was my turn to 
play. 

■ My first stroke, though 
not exactly yielding the 
result I had in mind, was 
nevertheless a most satis- 
factory and comprehensive 
one. I made a cannon off 
the red, and then my ball 
and Petherby's mysteri- 
ously disappeared down different 
pockets. Petherby applauded with 
the butt of his cue upon the floor. 
"Good shot, Sir!" he remarked sar- 
castically. "What a pity it didn't all 
come off'!"' 

"All come off ! " I said with hauteur. 
"Why, it did all come off — much 
better than I could have hoped for 
even in my most sanguine moments. 
What do you mean ? " 

" Oughtn't the red to have done 
something— gone down a pocket, for 
instance ? Then you would have won 
the game. As it is " 

" Petherby," I said sternly, " re- 
member, please, that there are three 
balls, six pockets, and certain laws of 
coincidence which must operate at 
times. In that stroke I distinctly see 
the finger of Providence. You are 
not intended to win this game. Just 
look at the position of the red." 

The red was up the table close to the 
left cushion. To pot it was an im- 
possibility as far as my limited tech- 



nique was concerned, but I felt that by 
careful aiming (so as to hit the paint 
without disturbing the ivory, as I ex- 
pressively put it when narrating the 
incident to Pilkington) I could manage 
to run in. So I took a deliberate aim 
and pressed my cue gently forward. 
Slowly, slowly my ball trickled up the 
table, straight as a die all the way. It 
was only a few inches from the red and 
still running true when the electric 
lights went out. At the same instant 
a loud report was heard, followed 
immediately by a second and third. 

" Zepps ! " cried Petherby. " Where 's 
my umbrella? " 

" There 's other game afoot," I cried, 
as I fumbled for my cigarette-lighter. 

The wick flamed up. I hurried to 
the top of the table. My ball was in 




"Get back Belgium? Get it back? You wait till yon chaps 
campin' oh the 'ill gets out there ! If they can't get it back 
no other way they 'll pinor it ! " 



the pocket. "Hurrah!" I shouted 
joyfully. " Game to me ! " 

"On the contrary," said Petherby, 
craning his neck over my shoulder, 
" it 's my game. You 've given three 
away ! That red 's never budged a 
hair's-breadth, I '11 swear." 

" Bot ! " I retorted. " I couldn't 
possibly have missed. I was dead on 
the edge of the red when the lights 
went out." 

" Can you solemnly affirm you heard 
the balls click? " 

"Of course not, you ass," I replied. 
"How could I through that beastly 
firing? On the other hand, did you 
see me miss ? " 

"How could I in the dark?" he 
answered testily. 

" Exactly," I said. " I couldn't hear; 
you couldn't see. As you maintain 
that the red hasn't moved, the fairest 
thing will be for me to play the shot 
again. Bo you happen to have a 
candle on you ? " 

There was a knock at the door and 



the servant entered. " If you please, 
Sir," she said, " the police sergeant has 
just been, and said you're wanted at 
once at the station." 

" I must go immediately," said 
Petherby, struggling into his jacket. 
" What a nuisance these Zepp raids 
are, interfering with one's amusements 
in this way ! Eeally, I — — " 

" Half a jiffy ! " I cried as Petherby 
moved to the door. " Wait while I play 
that shot again. Anybody would think 
there was a panic from your positively 
indecent haste." 

"Sorry," said Petherby., edging off, 
" but duty is duty. Where would my 
crest of five oysters rampant gules on 
a plat du jour argent be if my knightly 
ancestors had preferred billiards to 
duty? So long!" 

" There 's a precedent 
for it," I retorted. " How 
about Drake's game of 
bowls ? " 

But Petherby was half- 
way down the staircase. 
" Shirker!" I yelled after 
him as I realised that the 
issue must remain un- 
decided. But stay- 

"Mary," I said, "would 
you take this lighter and 
hold it close to the red 
ball — so ? Now, I want 
you to watch the red ball 
carefully and tell me if this 
white one, which I am 
going to play, touches it." 

I placed my own ball 
back in baulk, took a long 
and careful aim, and then 
. . . somehow I managed 

! to miscue. 

" No, Sir, it didn't hit the red one," 
said Mary, as my ball stopped a few 
inghes from the baulk-line. 

I pretended to heave a sigh of re- 
lief. " Thank goodness ! " I exclaimed. 
"Properly to explain the objoct and 
effect of that stroke, Mary, would 
necessitate my using technicalities 
which you would probably not under- 
stand. I think, under the circum- 
stances, you had better not mention to 
Mr. Petherby that I required your 
assistance. He might consider it an 
abuse of his hospitality." 

" Very good, Sir," said Mary as she 
exchanged the cigarette - lighter for 
half-a-crown. 



Sir Joseph Lyons on the' Budget ; — 
"The British, people have given their sons 
and their fathers and their brothers to carry 
on the war, and they are not going to kick 
even if they have to give their boots to help 
to support them." — Evening News. 

We ourselves never kick with our 
boots off. 



PUNCH, OR THE LONDON CHARIVARI. — -September 29, 1915. 



v 



Send for the Catalogue of Practical Fashions 

Posted Free 



Send a postcard now while it' is 
fresh in your mind. 





Showing one page of the Catalogue 
reduced to one-third actual size; 



THE Post Order Department of Marshall & 
Snelgrove is organised so perfectly that you can 
wear the clothes that London is wearing no 
matter how far away you may live. For the same 
— or less — money that you pay locally for fashions 
that are on the wane in London, you can get the current 
fashions of the Metropolis by using the Post Order Service 
of Marshall & Snelgrove. Once you have placed an order 
with this department you will understand why Marshall & 
Snelgrove are the admitted leaders of fashion. The greatest 
surprise, however, will be the moderation in the prices asked. 



MARSHALL & 
SNELGROVE 

LIMITED 

Everything for Woman's Wear 
P.O. 4 , 

VERB ST.. LONDON. W. 



Pope®Bfadle>5 
Civif®, 'Mifitarj/ tfaifors * A 

Sjj %ogai Appointment to H.M. "Che King of Spain. 

WINTER KHAKI. 

A word of warning by Dennis Bradley. 

SINCE the Winter of 1914-1915, the best quality heavyweight 
khaki has increased in price nearly 50%, and, in consequence, any 
amount of second-grade material which is totally unfit to stand the 
excessive strain cf Active Sefvice, is now on the market. 

1 feel I cannot emphasise loo strongly to inexperienced Officers the 
utter futility of equipping themselves with any but the finest quality 
khaki that money can buy. 

The House of Pope and Bradley is determined to maintain the 
reputation it has made, and refuses to supply Officers with any material 
which they cannot absolutely guarantee. 

The prices charged represent the minimum at which uniforms of 
the best quality can be obtained, and they are reasonable because the 
House is cne of the large t buyers in London. 

Service Jackets from £3 13 6 

Slack* ,,£17 6 

Bedford Cord Ereeches (Buckskin strapped) „ £2 12 6 

Brili»h Warm „ £3 15 

Waterproof Trencher -------- , £4 14 6 

Badges extra. 

All Accessories in Cemp & Service Equipment Supplied at Store Prices. 
Full Kit List on application, 
TWO ESTABLISHMENTS ONLY 

14 OLD BONO STREET, 
1115 SOUTHAMPTON I^QWWC 

■ ■■■IS 



llllllllllllllllll 
lllllllllllllllll 



II For real economy 

|| buy Irish Linens now 

\m while we can supply you at the old prices 

i§| from stocks accumulated before the War. 

|^ The moment these are exhausted we shall 

!f| have to increase the price owing to the 

III great advance in cost of materials and 
|| manufacture. Write now for Price List. 

IH TABLE LINEN. No. G. 599.— Double Damask Table Cloth, 

= = suitable for either a round or square table. Paiterti Violets and 

= = Spot, 2 by2yds.,18/fi; 2 by 2i yds., 23/2 ; 2 by 3 yds., 27/9; 2 by 3i yds., 

= = 32/5; n by 3 yds., 37/-; aj V 3* yds., 43/2 ; 4 b, 4 yds., 49/4 each. 

E|| Dinner Napkins to match, j by | yd., 37/6 per dozen. 

11 HANDKERCHIEFS. No. 41. - Gentlemen's Fine Linen 

i= Hand-Embroidered Monogram Handkerchiefs. Can be had in any 

|= two-letter combination. About 19^ ins. square, with § in. hem. 

|= Per dozen, 14/3. 

§H No. 1.— Gentlemen's Khaki Hemstitched Handkerchiefs, about 

= = 22 ins., with ij in. hems. Per dozen, 5/6. 

|| JTT Price List and cuttings 

|1 ^ll sent free upon application. 

II Robinson Xleaver* 



egall Pla 

BELFAST 



LIVERPOOL 




» in 1 1 M ' i 

l!llll»ll«illllllll!HI!!ll!!!ll!!llllll!lll!!lfc 



PUNCH, 03 THE LONDON CHARIVARI. — September 29, 1915. 



THE WAR^^uSl ECONOMY 

FIRE, JOLrtl ..OL ANN UAL 
BURGLARY. KBilVM7^|JlliMlll|1l DISTRIBUTION 

ACCIDENT. V^^BP^W OF 
MOTORS Sc. %^OOV'^ PROFITS. 

FUNDS 1400.000 . 
FOR SELECTED RISKS. 



Loss of 
Appetite 

is often due to internal conges- 
tion. Modern social conditions, 
especially sedentary occupations, 
have a tendency io warp the natural 
functions of the human organism. 

TAMAR 
I N Dl EN 
GRILLON 

taken at regular intervals will 
counteract this tendency, pro- 
moting a healthy appetite and a 
keener vitality. It is equally effi- 
cacious for Haemorrhoids, Bite, 
Constipation, Gastric and In- 
testinal troubles & Headache. 



S7Soifth*rarkBr!dgeRd.Londan T S.E. 



WAVERLEY 

THE WORLD-FAVOURITE NIB 



SMOOTH & 
DURABLE 



HORLICK'S 

MALTED MILK 

The Food Drink 
for all Ages 

Pure full- cream milk, enriched with choice 
malted barley and wheat, forming a com- 
plete, nourishing and sustaining food which 

keeps indefinitely in any climate. 
A delightful beverage, instantly ready by 
the addition of hot or cold water only* 

NO COOKING REQUIRED. 
Supplies necessary nourishment in proper 
proportions to meet the needs of all ages 
and conditions. 

Also available as delicious Food Tablets io be dissolved 
in the mouth. Relieve thirst and supply sufficient 
nourishment to maintain strength and prevent fatigue. 

NO ADVANCE IN PRICES 

of the various sizes, which are still to be obtained 
of all Chemists and Stores, or of us direct by post 
in sterilised glass bottles at 1/6, 2/6 and 11/-. 
The Tablets also in glass flasks at 6d. and I/- each. 



Liberal Sample Bottle sent Post Free for 3d. in Stamps. 
HORLICK'S MALTED MILK CO., Slough, Bucks-. ENGLAND. 




*The Hymans Pocket 

RANGE FINDER 

Approved by and supplied to the War Offioe. 



(1) The distance of any object 
by means of a snort base of pre- 
determined length. 

(2) The distance of an object of 
known size or height with one ob- 
servation from one position only. 
of 



:. If not 



lely o 



Pamphlet "C" sent post free on 
application. 
Inventor and Manufacturer, 
C.HYMANS, Optician, Cambridge ■ 




1 



*1 




Have 
you 
ever 
watched a 
child dance? 

HAVE you noted the ex- 
quisite rhythm of move- 
ment — the wonderful 
reflection of Nature through 
ihe child — the spirit of un- 
quenchable youth expressing 
itself in the poetry of motion > 
For the child untrammelled by 
self-consciousness dances like 
a faun, and the sight is good to 
behold. 



shapes. Stocked 
also^ in bronze 

white, pale blue 
& pink satin, 
Sc white suede. 

? Sizes and^p 



Sample SafUal laaaea for inspec- 
tion on recent of id. for postage, etc. 
For the 'Phat Pheet' booklet write to 

Daniel Neel 




9-12(1 Kensington High Street, W. 

Fitting rooms also at 68-70 Edjware 
Rd. W.& 123 HishSt Putney.S.W. 



'It's a Dear Fire" 

With coal so costly, it's good to 
!o without kitchen fires sometimes. 
One can save the expense and the 
trouble of cooking by just opening 
a. tin of Skippers — the most delicious 
meal of all. • 

No big bones or tough scales — 
they just melt in your mouth as you 
eat them. 

The distinctive flavour which 
makes them so different from all other 
fish comes from the tasty microscopic 
Crustacea they feed on in the ice-cold 
raters of the Norwegian fjords. 

Askgen/ZybutFIRMLYfor 




September 29, 1915.] PUNCH, OR THE LONDON CHARIVARI. _ 267 




ON BELLONA'S HEM. 
The Mistake. 

There is no need to specify the res- 
taurant. It is famous for its English 
joints, and is just now much visited 
by officers on leave who wish to eat 
together, just as a certain subterranean 
grill-room is the favourite resort of 
officers on leave when, as not in- 
frequently happens, they entertain the 
other sex. 

To one of the tables, thoughtfully 
provided with so many chairs that 
secrets have ever been out c"f the ques- 
tion here, came two lieutenants, very 
obviously oil' duty for a brief season 
and rejoicing in their liberty ; and he 
who was acting as host, and bad long 
since settled all doubts as to what their 
meal was to consist of, flung out the 
order for roast beef almost before he 
was seated ; flung ib out too as though 
expecting as instant a response from 
the stall' as he gets from his men, all 
unmindful that this restaurant has 
leisurely processes of its own, carefully 
acquired and perfected during many, 
many years. 

Meanwhile the saddle of mutton was 
wheeled to my side and some unusually- 
attractive slices were separated from 
it by a knife like a razor and laid 
before me. 

I saw the lieutenants eyeing my 
plate with ill-concealed enw ; but beef 
was in their minds. Beef had been in 
their minds for toilsome weeks, and 
they did not betray their friend. At 
least not wholly, but I fancy the host 
wavered. 

"I wonder," he began, and said no 
more, for the beef arrived on its little 
wagon, and their plates were soon 
covered with it. 

It was not one of the most successful 
of the house's joints, and again I caught 
their eyes directed towards my saddle. 
Was it too late ? their expression silently 
asked. Yes, it was. Besides, they had 
come there to eat beef. Nothing like 
beef ! 

The lieutenants attacked with vigour, 
but they still glanced muttonwards now 
and then, meditatively, between bites. 

Then the host spoke. It was in an 
undertone, hut I heard, because at this 
restaurant, as I have said, there are no 
secrets. "I wonder if we oughtn't to 
have bad saddle," he murmured. 

"It looks jolly good," said the other. 

They ate on. 

" Do you think the beef is absolutely 
top-hole to-day? " the host asked. 

" I 've known it better," replied the 
other. 

They ate on. 

"I rather wish we'd had mutton," 
said the host. " After all— saddle, you 



know. It 's not too common. Beef we 
can always get in some form or other 
- — not like this", of course, but beef — 
whereas saddle, saddle's rare. I wish 
you 'd reminded me of the saddles 
here." 

"We'd settled on beef long ago," 
said the other, performing prodigies of 
valour with his knife and fork. 

"I know; but it w T as foolish not to 
look at the bill of fare. I should have 
thought of it then." 

They still ate heartily. 

" No chance of getting here again for 
goodness knows bow long," said the 
host. 

The other dismally agreed. 

" Could you manage a slice of saddle 
after this ? " the host asked after a 
busy interval. 

" Sorry I couldn't," replied the other, 
through a mouthful which a lion would 
not disdain. . 



" I don't believe I could either," said 
the host. "What a bore! I shall 
always regret not having had mutton." 

" So shall I," said the other. 

At this moment the empty seat next 
to me was filled, and to the enquiry of 
the head waiter, whose duty it is to ask 
these questions and then disappear, the 
customer replied, " Saddle, of course. 
That 's all one comes here for." 

Both the lieutenants groaned audibly. 
Full though they were, their lunch, 
already ruined by me, was ruined once 
more. 



"The Typhoon at Shanghai. 

Most of the German -owned yachts were 
lost." — Overland China Mail. 

Doubtless the German Ambassador at 
Peking has demanded compensation 
for the non-neutral behaviour of the 
typhoon. 



268 



PUNCH, OK THE LONDON CHARIVA RI. [Sep tem ber 29, 1915 . 



CAMP QUARTERMASTERING. 

ii. 

Matilda rather misled me on the 
question of buying meat. She said 
that, there was no particular trick about 
it ; that all you have to do is to go to 
a place where they sell meat and buy 
it, taking care that you get the right 
weight and that the man does not 
throw too much bone and bits of 
sheep's head and cow's feet on the 
scale. She said that a purveyor of 
meat is easily identified because he 
wears a peculiar blue costume and that 
the only other person you can possibly 
mistake for him is a wounded soldier. 

I got into the right kind of place 
first time and said, " I should like to 
see some meat." 

The man didn't take any notice of 
me until he had finished cutting off 
and wrapping up in newspaper a lump 
of meat for a ready-money customer. 
Then he said, "What kind of meat ? " 

"Beef and mutton and such like 
things." 

The butcher affectionately slapped 
the piece of meat which he had been 
carving and said, "That's a nice piece, 
of steak." , . 

" How much meat have you got 
there? " I asked. 

" About five pounds ; I '11 weigh it 
for you." 

"I think I shall want rather more 
than that." 

He fetched down quite a largo piece 
of meat off a hook, weighed it, and said 
it was twenty-two pounds. 

" I was thinking of buying a larger 
piece than that," I said. 

" How much was you wanting ? " 

"The piece I had in mind should 
weigh between three and four thousand 
pounds." The eager look which came 
into his eyes was quickly succeeded by 
something akin to fear as he went to 
the door to make sure the policeman 
was taking his usual afternoon nap in 
the neighbourhood. 

" If you was wanting to buy meat, 
I can sell it you, but if you was looking 
for a flock of sheep or a herd of oxen, 
I admit I haven't got 'em in stock." 

"I don't necessarily w T ant to take 
it all with me," I said. 

" What with my boy leaving me 
and my assistant joining the Army, 
I haven't got time to waste joking. 
Perhaps you was thinking of giving 
a party ? " 

" No I wasn't ; I just wanted some 
meat, but I see you aren't accustomed 
to serve large families and I 'd better 
try elsewhere. I suppose it "s possible 
to buy meat for a battalion somewhere 
in this town." 

"If you want to buy meat for the 



Army you '11 have to go to the meat 
market." 

The meat market is a dull place ; 
the mention of thousands of pounds 
of meat doesn't excite the inhabitants 
in the least, and they were rather bored 
with my little order ; however, they 
condescended to deliver the stuff for 
me after totting it up in sheep and 
oxen. 

In spite of the fact that I had the 
vinegar and more than one kind of 
meat, both Matilda and the Quarter- 
master-Sergeant thought that the men 
would expect a still greater variety, and 
under protest I added a few things 
like bread, jam and cheese. I avoided 
small tradesmen in making these pur- 
chases, as they are so suspicious, and 
only dealt with people who had the 
capital to carry a decent-sized stock. 

When the War Office heard about 
the things that Matilda and the Quarter- 
master-Sergeant had persuaded me to 
buy they naturally got jealous and 
started sending out circulars to say 
that they weren't going to put up with 
any competition with their camps and 
that all camps without their name, on 
were spurious and contrary to law. 
Of course I didn't worry about the 
War Office because I know that their 
printed circulars don't mean anything 
. and are only sent out to do the printers 
i and the post-office a turn, but the 
Adjutant and our Commandant (who 
is in the regular army and doesn't 
understand War Office humour) seemed 
to think that we ought to scratch the 
camp. They got the idea that I had 
let myself into some kind of a mess by 
what they were pleased to term my 
premature purchase of goods, and the 
idea seemed to amuse them until I 
explained that I had bought all the 
goods in their names and that when 
the Corps funds were exhausted they 
would be personally responsible for 
the balance. 

So they went to talk to the War 
Office about it, and met all the other 
Volunteer Commandants and Adjutants 
up there on the same errand. When 
the War Office found how unpopular 
their circular had made them, and 
how they couldn't move about without 
falling over Volunteer Commandants 
and Adjutants, they said they didn't 
object to camps being held if the 
G.O.C.'s of the various districts didn't 
object. Some people, who took the War 
Office literally, wrote to the G.O.C.'s 
of the respective districts where they 
proposed to camp and got leave, which 
was then cancelled by the War Office. 
For myself, I took no such risk ; and 
as neither the War Office nor the 
G.O.C. of any district found out about 
our camp we didn't do ■any harm to 



anyone but ourselves, and we only 
caught little things like rheumatism 
and indigestion. If anyone does find out 
about it I shall apologise for my mis- 
take and trust to his being too busy 
to do anything further in the matter. 

The camp was rather a success ; we 
got most of the tents to stand up and 
some of them kept the rain out, includ- 
ing those that mattered (I mean, of 
course, mine and theCommandant's and 
the Adjutant's). By marking all the 
things " Goods for Troops " I persuaded 
the railway company to deliver most of 
our provender in the belief that they 
were helping the Government, who are 
among their best- customers in these 
days. , I showed the Government mark 
on the tents to the railway people, and 
they weren't to 'know, any more than I 
was when I bought them, that it was 
the condemned mark. ■ 

The vinegar didn't go so well as I 
had expected and I had a good deal 
left on my hands in spite of the fact 
that I got quite a lot off in the shape 
of claret-cup, which I retailed in the 
canteen. Some of the meat rounded 
on me and was accorded a military 
funeral, but not enough to make a fuss 
about. ' I had' to pledge locally what- 
'was left of the Commandant's and the 
Adjutant's credit to make up for the 
unused vinegar and defective meat, but 
there has been no trouble on that score 
up to now as they won't know about 
it until the bills come in, and by that 
time I shall either be on permanent 
leave or else have enlisted. 



"PACIFIST." 
Late produced upon the scene, 
Mean as what you 're meant to mean, 
Manufactured and absurd, 
Maimed and miserable word, 
While I live you shan't prevail, 
Mongrel docked of half your tail. 
Mongrel with a Latin head, 
Disappear, avaunt, be dead ! 



More War-time Economy. 

"In the drawing-room the two women, 
huddled together in. the big chair, wept into 
one another's eyes.'' — London Magazine. 



"A lady highly recommends bright, capable 
gentleman as useful companion. Domesti- 
cated, nursing experience ; can cook; musical. 
Age 35." — Church Times. 
We know of a vacancy that would just 
suit him. It is " Somewhere in France." 



" The really bad weather, the heavy winter 
rains, when all the mullahs on the peninsula 
will bo carrying rushing torrents to the sea, 
docs not begin until the end of November." 

Evening Paper. 
By which time, we trust, some means 
will have been found of diminishing the 
fluency of these holy men. 



September 29, 1915.] 



PUNCH, OR THE LONDON CHARIVARI. 



269 



i6 7/|li'' iH 



SB? 



THE COMPLEAT OUTPOST. 



LIQUOR CONTROL. 
Scene. — Clydebank Carat Queen Street, 

Glasgow; upstairs. 
Time.— Approaching midnight. 

Cheery Fellow (O.H.M.S. badge in 
buttonhole). Gees! I walkitup the stair 
wifchoot a grup, an' I 've the sweeties 
for the weans in ma pouch. They'll 
be pittin' a ribbon across ma chest sune 
like the high head bosses in the sojers. 
A blue ane ! Man, it 's great ! 

Dazed Companion (a bowl of gold- 
fish hanging from a string). Jist like 
gaun tae a funeral "wi' yer umberel' an' 
comin' hame withoot it, an' no' jist 
sure whit ye 've lost. Jist a something 
like ! 

Dismal Friend (a shock of red hair 
protruding from under his cap). I'm 
fed up. 

Cheery Fellow. Be a sport, Pate. 
Ye 've been grousin' a' nicht, I heard 
ye tearin' the rag wi' the lang fella 
ahint the coonter. 

Dismal Friend (with a great air of 
candour). No' kennin' muckle aboot 
saft drinks, mine aye bein', as ye ken, 
boys, a glass an' a pint, I ses tae the 
lang chap quite ceevil-like, " Whit wid 
ye recommend ? " ses I. "Dry ginger," 
says he. "Dry?" ses I; " af coorse 
I 'm dry. I 'm a chap that 's aye dry. 



Bit ma name 's Pate, an' if ye ca' me 
Ginger again 1 11 gi'e ye a bat in the 
eye." Hoo wis I tae ken the silly 
names o' their silly drinks ? 

Lady Conductor. Pares, please. 

Dazed Companion {in an undertone). 
Is it a wumman ? Pate, I 'm sayin', is 
it a wumman ? 

Dismal Friend (viciously). If this 
wis a Seterday nicht worth ca'in' a 
Seterday nicht it would tak' twa men. 

Cheery Fellow {with an ingratiating 
smile). Three, miss. A* the road. I 
wid gang tae Balloch jist tae be on the 
same caur wi' ye. 

Dazed Companion (waking up). Ay, 
an' back. 

[Lady conductor passes on with 
heightened colour. 

Cheery Fellow (pushing his ticket 
behind his ear). I aye likit ma bit joke. 

[Silence falls on the car. 

Dazed Companion. I canna jist bot- 
tom this, Tain. It 's Seterday nicht 
an' this is the Clydebank caur, an' 
there 's naebody singin' an' naebody 
fechtin' wi' the conductor. 

Cheery Fellow (a trifle awed). It's 
like gettin' intae a first-class cairriage 
wi' a workman's ticket. 

Dazed Companion. Ay, aboot half- 
past five when papaw is gettin' hame 
for his tea. 



Dismal Friend, I wantit tae ask the 
lassie wi' the tickets whaur wis the 
body. Like a daith in the hoose. I 'm 
fed up. 

[The car proceeds on its temperate way 



Another Impending Apology. 

' ' WOUNDED MAN'S " TRYING TIME. 
Washed by a Duchess." 
Evening News (Sydney, N.S.W.). 

" The Simla Choral Society will give two 
performances of Bleat pair of Sirens by Sir 
Hubert Parry." — Pioneer. 
The temptation of Ulysses was greater 
than we thought. They probably made 
"s eyes at him. 



" Truly the figures in the annual report of 
that virulent Bank provide veritable Jack 
Johnsons of optimism." 

Hamilton Advertiser. 
This is what happens when the War 
expert is switched off to finance. 

The Spanish Royal family is now at the 
and King Alfonso takes sea bathes. 
He has a little pavilion in the Royal garden, 
which is on rails, and is run down to the sea 
when he is ready for his dip. All the time the 
King occupies this elaborate bathing box the 
Spanish Royal standard floats overhead." 

Sunday Chronicle. 
And when the King has finished they 
dip the ensign. 



270 



PUNCH, OR THE LONDON CHARIVARI. [September 29, 1915. 




Dame (from the provinces, with hazy ideas about _ the defences of London) . 
Sm Peecy What 's-'is-name a-standik' by the cannoh." 



Deary me t Well, I keveb ! And that must be 



AT THE BACK OF THE FRONT. 

It is true that in a sense all the 
home seas may be regarded as a front. 
And yet inwardly I have doubts as to 
whether I really am at the moment 
exactly what you might call frontal. 
Though correctly swathed in a ceinture 
de sauvetage I feel neither nautical, 
martial, nor amphibious. I defy any- 
one to feel nautical in a service dress 
jacket, martial in a life-belt, or am- 
phibious in ammunition boots. Martial 
is my short suit at the moment. For one 
thing, any front there is is underneath. 
For another, -I have lost my leave 
papers — if indeed I ever had any. -In a 
few hours, barring accidents, I shall 
be turned off on to an unsympathetic 
quay, under orders from one race of 
red-hatted men eighty miles away from 
it to report to them this morning, and 
forbidden by another race of red-hatted 
men on the spot to proceed anywhere 
until I have given an account of my- 
self ; which just happens to be one of 
the few insignificant things I cannot 
do. My blind pig is considered one of 
the finest outside the Central Powers, 
and I can play selections from several 
drawing-room ballads with my eyes 
shut and my left hand open ; but not 



even with both my honest straight- 
forward eyes at their widest can I hope 
to convince Q. E. S. T. U. and other 
gentlemen with alphabetical occupa- 
tions that I am not a deserter creeping 
and intruding and climbing into the 
War. 

They will begin by saying, almost 
apologetically," that they don't doubt 
my bona fides {with four false quanti- 
ties) for a moment. They will then 
doubt it exhaustively for three- quarters- 
of-an-hour, by which time my train 
will — as happens eventually ■ even to 
trains in France- — have gone. I shall 
arrive at dawn to-morrow just in time 
to be shot." It is .true that the last 
time I was shot at dawn I got up and 
walked away. But this is not a reliable 
precedent, and I regard the future with 
the most perfect despondency. All I 
ean do is to write the word " Later. "- 

Later it is. Let me give you a hint ; 
if you should ever, in a military town, 
fall upon the r&le of the Man who Re- 
quires Explaining and are told to report 
to the A.B.C.D.E. find out what time 
he lunches. When we landed, I went 
straight to the A.B.C.D.E. 's office and 
there extorted by intimidation from an 
outpost the news that the officer usually 
went out to lunch at 12.30 exactly. I 



returned at 12.28. With one eye on 
his watch the A.B.C.D.E. held out the 
other hand. I shook it warmly. 

" No, no," he said, "I want your leave 
papers — movement order, and all that." 

It was 12.30 exactly when I began 
my explanation. At 12.35 I had 
reached its crowning feature. At 
12.40 he realized that it was I who 
wanted a movement order. By 12.42 
I had it in triplicate, with permission 
to travel by any train that day. I 
believe that if I could have hung on 
till 12.45 I could have got another 
seven days' leave. Even as things 
were I have the pleasantest recollec- 
tions "of the A.B.C.D.E. I reported 
everywhere to everybody's satisfaction, 
and have not been shot at all to-day so 
far. " And I have spent the morning 
wondering who put my leave papers at 
the bottom of my haversack. 



"Finest quality grey-faced lamb :— 
Fores, lid. per lb. Lions, Is. per lb." 

Advt. in " Berniholme News." 
A foretaste of the Golden Age. 



"Join the ■ regiment that has guarded you 
for the last 230 years." 

Advt. of the 3rd E. Yorkshires. 
Now then, step up, Methuselah. 



PUNCH, OB THE LONDON CHAEIVAEI. — September 29, 1915. 




THE RECORD-BREAKER. 

MoKenna (The " Try-yonr-Strmgth " Man). •• NOW, GUV'NOB ; LET 'S SEE IE XOU CAN'T 
TOUCH THE 1590 MARK." 

John Bull. " EIGHTO I " (Does it.) 



September 29, 1913.] PUNCH, OK THE LONDON CHARIVARI. 



273 



ESSENCE OF PARLIAMENT. 

(Extracted prom ihb Diary os 1 Toby, M.P.) 

House of Commons, Tuesday, 21st 
September.— Introducing his first Bud- 
get McKenna scored a double record. 
In respect both of income and ex- 
penditure he had to deal with the 
biggest of a long list. The speech ex- 
pounding it was the briefest. 

Marshalling a multitude of figures, 
from the extra halfpenny in the pound 
in the price of sugar up to the 
1,590 million pounds representing esti- 
mated expenditure of the year, his 
mastery of facts v was so complete, 
his explanation so lucid, that the 
■■ story was as easy to follow as an ordi- 
nary nursery tale. Time was during 
the prime of Gladstone at the Treas- 
ury, and with his successors in later 
' years, when exposition of a Budget was 
regarded as opportunity for a great 
oratorical feat. Mr. G. thought nothing 
of occupying five hours, finishing up 
with a peroration almost worth an 
additional penny in the pound on the 
income tax. 

No self-respecting Chancellor of the 
old school would think of omitting 
to deck his business statement with a 
classical quotation, much appreciated 
below the Gangway. This habit led 
to first step in downfall of Bob Lowe. 
Allured by the tag, Ex luce lucellum, 
he invented a tax upon matches with 
intent to label the boxes with the motto. 
In the end, as everyone knows, he had 
to remodel his Budget, leaving out the 
obnoxious tax, label and all. 

McKenna's speech began without 
exordium, finished without peroration, 
and no single sentence rose above the 
Spartan simplicity of the Multiplication 
Table. Only approach to departure 
from this level was when he mentioned 
the dizzy height at which expenditure 
now flies. He thereupon declared his 
confidence that House .and country were 
prepared to support the Government in 
bearing whatever measure of taxation 
is deemed necessary now, " and," he 
ominously added, "in the future," for 
the successful prosecution of the War. 

A hearty cheer confirmed this assur- 
ance. 

Cheerfulness was indeed the prevail- 
ing note of historic occasion. Fresh 
burden of taxation imposed enormous. 
Affects every class, from the consumer 
of half-ounces of tea and quarters- 
of- a -pound of sugar to the hapless 
millionaire who out of his modest in- 
come of a hundred thousand pounds 
a year will be called upon to contribute 
to the State the sum of £34,029 — more 
than one-third of the whole. This, of 
course, in addition to his share of in- 
direct taxation. 



As the Member for Sark says, Lloyd 
George chastised the taxpayer with 
whips ; McKenna lays on with 
scorpions. And yet no murmur is 
heard. In November last Lloyd 
George imposed fresh taxation esti- 
mated to bring in a revenue of 68| 
millions. On the top of that McKenna 
levies new taxes, which in a full effec- 
tive year will increase the revenue by 
little short of 78 millions. 

A big bill, but it will be met uncom- 
plainingly, with any further charges that 
may presently be necessary for carrying 
on the War to its inevitable end. 

Business done. — Budget brought in 




A STAB TURN. 



The Chancellor of the Exchequeb. 

showing expenditure for the year of 
1590 millions and revenue from taxa- 
tion of 305 million. When full effect is 
given to new imposts, the latter will 
be raised to sum of 370 million. 



A Flying Squadron. 

"Among other noteworthy aviation feats, 
the cruisers Varese Francesco Ferruccio, Giu- 
seppe G-aribaldi, and Vettor Pisani bombarded 
the railway at dawn on the 18fch near Cattaro.' ' 
Sydney Morning Herald. 



Phrase to be avoided. 

When seeing off a friend-who is going 
to the Front :— " Well, good-bye, if you 
'must go ; and we hope soon to see your 
name on the Roll of Honour." 



Letter of thanks from a small boy: — 
" Dear Auntie, — Thank you so much for 
the steamship ; we have looked at it well and 
I am sure that there is something wrong with 
it. Best love, Anthony.-" 



THE WITNESS FOR THE DEFENCE. 

[The Daily Chronicle's "Office Window" 
advances—or quotes — the theory that as long 
as a man retains a zest for apple tart his 
childish innocence is unimpaired.] 

They haled him up before the beak, 

Within the dock he stood unflinching 
And heard the leading witness speak 

The tale of his nocturnal pinching ; 
Policeman X proclaimed the fact 

(It marked in his career a sure step) 
Of how he caught him in the act, 

Or, more precisely, on the doorstep. 

They told the Court the total gain 
Achieved by his illicit cunning, 

The household purse, a watch and chain, 
A cup that father got for running, ' 

And how (which broke the housewife's 
heart 

And stamped him as a cool offender) 
He 'd gobbled up an apple tart 
Of more than normal bulk and 
splendour. 

It seemed that he would have to pay 

The heavy price that those who 've 
sinned owe ; 
But no, the magistrate that day 

Was one who loved his " Office 
Window " 
And put its precepts into use 

(A man should profit by his reading) ; 
He bade them set the felon loose, 

Saved by a pie's impassioned pleading . 



"Put it down a Wee, my Lud." 

"Vernon. — At 14 Cavendish street, Geelong, 
the wife of Hugh Vernon {late Chief Scout, 
Field Intelligence Department, South Africa) 
— a daughter {"Veni Vidi Vici " Vernon). 
Another little Briton ! Now then, boys, enlist, 
and keep her so." — Melbourne Argus. 

With another " V " for Victory. 



From The Burma Sunday Times : — 
" Missing. — My son Sudhamadhab Ban- 
nerjee, aged 12 years is missing since Monday 
the 5th instant. His colour is blackish and is 
thin in appearance, height i ft. 7 inches. Ho 
has sore marks on both the legs and has a 
black spot or (Til) on his left cheek close to 
the ear, narrow forehed covered with hair in 
circular form, slender neck floating eyes. He 
had blue Kashmero Ulster over a Cananore 
green coat, a pair of black brushed shoes and 
a Dhutee bordered with black line. If any 
one can trace him out he shall be rewarded 
adequately. Nundolal Bankrji, of Joyna- 
gort, at present '21 Ramtonu Bose Lane, 
Calcutta." 

Mr. Punch gladly gives further publicity 
to this announcement. 



The A.S.O. again! 

"Rev. Z. Lawrence delivered a lecture on 
the ' War ' to a crowded audience in the Bloem- 
fontein Synagogue last night. The lecturer's 
remarks were followed with the keenest in- 
terest, especially the part played by the Jaws." 

The Friend, Bloemfontein. 



PUNCH, OR THE LONDON CHARIVAEI. 



[September 29, 1915. 




Lady (to prospective CHrwomanl 
Charwoman, "Well, mum, twc 



, "What do you charge per day?" 

-and- k ix ip i eats jieselp, and two shillikgs ip you eats me.' 



JIMMY'S UNCLE. 

Jimmy's Uncle is coming. But 
perhaps you know. The telegraph boy 
told Jimmy as he was bringing the 
.telegram ; he was coming by the three 
o'clock train the telegraph boy said, 

Jimmy's Uncle is a Colonel — didn't 
I tell you'? — and Jimmy's mother hadn't 
seen him for years and years, and longer 
than that, Jimmy says — not since she 
was in India. 

Jimmy's Uncle used to know Jimmy's 
father quite well, because you see they 
had been brothers, and Jimmy's Uncle 
knew all about Jimmy's father winning 
the Victoria Cross in India ; but you 
haven't got to talk about that or 
Jimmy will fight you — really, I mean, 
not pretend. 

Jimmy says his Uncle has got a piece 
of shrapnel in him, and they won't let 
him stay at the Front, because it hasn't 
burst yet, and that 's why he is coming 
to see his mother, 

Jimmy says the shrapnel might 
burst at any time, and then it would 
blow a hole ten feet deep in the ground, 
but it would ease his Uncle because he 
has to walk very quietly and not get 
excited now. 



It 's because of the time fuse they 
put in them, Jimmy says, and you can 
hear it ticking. It makes his Uncle 
very wary, and he has to avoid certain 
things at mealtimes which are not 
easily digested because the doctor says 
the shrapnel is quite enough. 

Jimmy has seen the porter at the 
station, and he has promised to stop 
the train ; you do it by the by-laws, 
Jimmy says. 

Jimmy told the porter he expected 
his Uncle would give him some rupees 
if he looked after the luggage well, and 
the porter took Jimmy to see his ; he 
grew them" in a plot of ground quite 
close to the line when he wasn't busy 
cleaning the station lamps. He asked 
Jimmy if his Uncle soaked his in 
paraffin before sowing— you do it be- 
cause of the sparrers. 

The porter knew all about India ; he 
told Jimmy that theHoodans out there 
lived on rice pudding, and it was very 
hot there because of the degrees of 
longitude, which were very warm in 
those parts. 

The porter hadn't been there, not 
himself, but he had read a good deal 
when he wasn't busy cleaning the 
station lamps. He said he 'd often 



thought about India because he couldn't 
abear rice pudding. He said Jimmy 
might safely leave his Uncle to him. 

Jimmy went to bed early so as to 
give the next day a chance. His 
mother nearly spoilt the day before it 
came because she put out his best 
sailor suit for him to wear and gave 
him three pennies to have in his pocket 
but not to spend. He said his Uncle 
would think it was Sunday, and he put 
his head under the bedclothes to show 
what he thought of her. However, he 
let her hold his hand tight for an hour 
and ten minutes before he went to sleep, 
and when she came to look at him 
some time later he only smiled in his 
sleep when she gently removed his feet 
from the pillow and placed his head 
there once more. 

It took the day a long time to break, 
and Jimmy was glad when he heard 
the birds tidying up to get ready for it. 
He looked out of the window ; the day 
seemed very damp and as if it wanted 
airing, so he got back to bed. It was 
eight o'clock, and the day was up and 
dressed and being busy when he next 
awoke. 

Jimmy had his mother at the station 
in good time, and they had read all the 



PUNCH, OB THE LONDON CHARIVARI. — September 29, 1915. 





BUCHANAN'S SCOTCH WHISKY 

BUCHANAN'S " BLACK *> WHITE" IS WELL MATURED AND PERFECTLY BLENDED. THEIR LARGE 
STOCKS IN SCOTLAND ENSURE AN UNFAILING SUPPLY OF THE SAME FAULTLESS QUALITY. 



PUNCH, OE THE LONDON CHARIVARI. — September 29, 1915. 



Shave Yourself 

You shaved this morning 
— but how ? Easily and 
naturally, with a Gillette 
Safety Razor and the 
luxury of the Keen Gillette 
Blades ? Or with an old- 
fashioned razor — strop- 
ping, irritation, and per- 
haps a bit of plaster to hide 
mistakes ? British made. 



Gillette Standard Sets. One Gui 



—Sold Everywhere. 



Twelve months of War have 

proved the importance of our Service to many men 
who never before quite realised the advantages and 
practical economy of having their suits cleaned and 
pressed in the "Achille Serre Way." We can con- 
vince you if you will send us one stiit as a trial. Free 
collection by nearest Branch. Inclusive charge 3/9. 
Interesting Booklet on request. 

Achille SerrcLi 

HeadOffice:HackneyWick,London("East3710"41ines) 

Branchet and Agenda Everywhere. 



KYNOCIi 

CARTRIDGES 



"PHIM AA" 




S/6 fi& 

Loaded wiftfe H S-C. 
Ho blowb&eK- low recoil 



What can I send as a prac- 
tical thank-offering to 
the hospital in which 
my wounded friend has 
been made well ? 

Something of permanent 
usefulness and benefit, 
increasing the comfort 
of other sufferers ? 



TO those who ask such. questions we are in position to give the 
best, most practical, most definite information. You incur 110 
obligation hi asking our advice. 

An exhibition of things needed in the hospitals, and of the 
additional articles which increase the comfort of patients and conva- 
lescents, has been opened in our main building. 

HOSPITALS & GENERAL CONTRACTS 

COMPANY, LTD. 

19-35 MORTIMER STREET, W. 

Telegrams : JO Nl DO N Telephone : 

"Contract::* r...r.,!«,n." -. <- 1 -"^ ' Museum. 3143. 

Contractors to the War Office, The Admiralty, Allied Governments, 
The British Red Cross Society, etc. 



FRENCH 
RED CROSS SOCIETY 

The London Committee of the CROIX ROUGE FRANCAISE 

Patrons: KM. QUEEN ALEXANDRA, 3 
H. E. PAUL CAMBON. French Ambassador. 
Presidente : La VICOMTESSE DE LA PANOUSE 
provides SUPPLIES, and in many cases Staffs and Funds, for a large number 
of War Hospitals throughout France. They are in 

URGENT NEED OF MONEY 

and the following amon 3 other, SUPPLIES : SHEETS. BLANKETS, 
TOWELS. SOCKS, VESTS. PANTS. HANDKERCHIEFS. MEDI- 
CAL STORES. SURGICAL DRESSINGS. There is also a Weat and 
ursent need of MOTOR AMBULANCES and X-Ray Automobiles. 

Gifts of money or kind may be sent to the Hon. Secretary. 9 Kniihtsbridje. 
S.W. Cheques thoulil be made payable to the Hon. Treasurer. French Red 
Cross, and may also be tent to the French Ambassador. Albert Gate. S.W., 
crossed " Croix Rouse." Hon. Auditors. Price. Waterhouse & Co.; Bankers. 
London County and Westminster Bank. PHILIP A. WiLKINS.Hon. Sec 



THE" 

SUBLIME PORT 



29/6 

PER DOZEN 

HRWILLL\MS£@ 

6.UME STREET, IQNSOKEC., 





by-laws several times over before the : 
train came in. 

Jimmy says his Uncle looked very 
fierce when he arrived at the station 
and saw his mother. It made his 
mother cry, and she wouldn't speak to 
him, and that only made his Uncle grow 
fiercer and redder in the face. Jimmy 
says he thought the shrapnel was going 
to burst. Jimmy says his Uncle didn't 
take any notice of him, although he 
kept on saluting him as hard as he 
could. Then his Uncle turned on him 
and glared at him and asked him what 
the dickens he meant standing there 
looking so much like his'father. Jimmy 
said it made his mother very angry, and 
she said, " Don't, Tom, don't," and cried 
worse than ever. 

Jimmy says he clenched his fists and 
was going to give his Uncle the coward's 
blow when his Uncle turned his back 
on him and told the porter not to 
stand scratching his head like an 
idiot. Jimmy says the porter was 
only saluting all the time but he wasn't 
used to it, and every time he got his 
hand to his head he forgot what he 
set out to do and scratched his head 
instead. 

Jimmy says they drove home in a cab, 
and neither his Uncle nor his mother 
said a word to each other all the way, 
they were so cross. 

Jimmy says his Uncle had a bad cold 
and kept blowing his nose, and every 



[ time he did it the cab-horse gave a 
i jump. 

Jimmy says his Uncle behaved better 
after tea. He wasn't so fierce, so he 
asked him to show him his wound, but 
his Uncle said it was under his binder 
and he couldn't. 

After the tea-things had been put 
away they all three went into the draw- 
ing-room to look at the large framed 
photograph of Jimmy's father. Jimmy 
says they each held one of his hands, 
and he had to bite his lip because they 
hurt. 

Jimmy says his Uncle didn't think 
much of the photograph. He just said 
" He was a man, Mary, a man ; " then 
he went very annoyed in the face, 
clicked his heels, saluted very hard and 
turned away. 

Jimmy says it made him feel quite 
angry with his Uncle, and he went and 
climbed up on the top of the coalhouse 
in his best clothes on purpose ; and he 
wouldn't come down until his Uncle 
had promised to be good and not to 
make his mother cry. Jimmy says his 
Uncle gave him his word as an officer, 
and they got on better after that. 

Jimmy said his prayers to his Uncle 
that night, and he let him know what 
he thought of him. He asked that his 
Uncle might be made a -better man. 
His mother said, "Oh, Jimmy!" but 
his Uncle understood, for he said, 
" Amen to that, old chap ! " 



THE NEW SMOKE. 
(The newspapers have published accounts 
of the satisfactory results of planting 
tobacco in Hampshire.) 
Good people, give hearing attentive, 

Dismissing the havoc of Mars, 
While I sing of the newest preventive 

Of public and family jars ; 
It has proved the most potent incentive 

To pithy and popular " pars " ; 
' Tis the latest result of the Nicotine 
cult — 

The Hampshire cigars. 

I 'd like to describe, but I canna, 

The scent which this product exhales ; 

It blends the bouquet of Havannah 
With that of the rabbits of Wales; 

'OtotoZ, wirrasthrue and alannah ! 
It could throw an express off the rails, 

And its potent aroma induces a coma 
When laudanum fails. 

It acts as a perfect specific 

Against the most violent cramps ; 
It wholly defeats the morbific 

Effect of malarial damps, 
Diffusing a balm soporific 

On rival political camps ; 
In short it's a blessing beyond my. 
expressing, 

Tobacco from Hamps ! 



The Bendez-vous. 

'J In eases of emergency Sections fall in as 
follows : — No. 1, The Fountain, St. Thomas- 
street." — Lymington V.T.C. Orders. 



276 



PUNCH, OK THE LONDON CHARIVARI. 



[September 29, 1915. 



FEEDING THE NATION. 

"Up with that lawn! Over with 
those flower-beds!" Such were the 
clarion cries of last March, and the 
family flung themselves into the work 
of destruction with genuine patriotic 
ardour. In a couple of days we, the 
Medhurst family (well known in this 
suburb as " the people who hire motor- 
cars "), no longer possessed a garden. 
"We had a house and a frightfulness. 

Still it was grand work. I appointed 
the two youngest children Worm 
Gatherers in Ordinary (with the occa- 
sional rank of Earwig Squasher), 
because, although I can plant seeds 
with anybody, the handling of reptiles 
is simply not my sort of work. It was 
the one profession which I did 
not include in the list of my 
side-accomplishments for the 
National Register. 

My wife, Mrs. Medhurst 
(known as " the woman with 
four hats "), was given a rake. 
Let us leave it at that. I fell 
over it often. 

Jacqueline Medhurst, who is 
now three and can say "J for 
Jacqueline,", gathered weeds 
and sang at her work. Yes, 
yes, I know that it was charm- 
ing of her, but it must be 
pointed out that she is ac- 
quainted with but one song 
and knows but two lines of 
that. 

They go like this : — 
" I 've got a ripping little motor car, 

And I 've got a yacht ! " 
Pay someone to sing those two 
lines into your ears for six 
hours on end. Everyone ought 



Nothing came up, but I kept on look- 
ing, despite , a certain scornfulness in 
the "home circle. But I had the laugh 
of everyone in the end. The seeds came 
up ! 

My pride and joy in the little seed- 
lings was, however, not long-lived. The 
critics arrived. Always in life everyone 
is happy till the critics appear. The 
first of them in this case was my 
ridiculous and pompous father-in-law, 
who, after mumbling coarsely about 
" greengrocery," burst into rude guff- 
aws because, said he, my celery (the 
well-known garden esculent) should 
have been " pricked off " long ago. - I 
sneered rather hotly, and said other 
people had other yiews about the correct 
period for pricking off (whatever that 




Proprietor of boot shop tries to boom stock which 
the war has made unsaleable. 



I forget what was insulted next. 
But they nearly all caught it. My 
wife's brother damned the broad beans 
and was foolish enough to offer himself 
for slaughter by inquiring if I'd ever 
heard of "blight." Then a near rela- 
tion of mine, I 'm sorry to say, fell 
fiercely upon my cauliflowers, which, 
he bitterly complained, were cramped. 
Broccoli caught it too, so did the parsley, 
and even the radishes did not go scath- 
less. I was ashamed, of course, but, 
having created my vegetables, I swore 
I 'd stand by them come what may. 
We would be misunderstood together. 

Then came the period of our annual 
holiday by the sea. It was a wrench, 
but I consoled myself with the reflection 
that my plants. would do their best for 
~ ~ "me in my absence. They as 
! much as whispered it to me 
w r hen I gave them their fare- 
well watering. 

The weeks passed away 
wearily. I got everything that 
I could for the nation out of 
the sea — shrimps (several), 
prawns (two), eel (one), minia- 
ture dab (half), and, on one 
glorious day, seven mackerel 
(hire of boat, man, lines, 
hooks, worms, the thing you 
wind the lines on and a piece 
of string to tie fish up coming 
to os. 6(7.). Still it wasn't like 
growing things, and the day of 
our return was der Tag for me. 
■ Frankly I was knocked. 
You ought to have seen that 
garden. Everything had grown 
furiously ; everything was much 
bigger. Nothing had stopped. 

But here I must strike a note 
of sorrow. With one brave 



to try it before reading any further . . 
Tried it ? Yes, isn't it ? 

Well, we got the seeds in. They 
only cost two shillings — ■"Somebody's 
Monster Gift Parcel" — but I had to pay 
one shilling for postage as the potatoes 
made the parcel heavy. Still I didn't 
grudge that as there seemed to be an 
astonishing number of seeds. In fact 
when we had filled our garden there 
were a packet of "Early to Come" 
peas, another of Dwarf Kidney Beans, 
and yet a third of Bobbie's Champion 
Leeks left over. I mention this in case 
anyone would like to buy the surplus. 
They 're still all right, except the peas, 
which have been "played with" by 
Alastair Medhurst, and the bean bag, 
"which is frayed along one edge. No 
beans have escaped, mind, but the bag 
has unquestionably depreciated (I will 
allow for this). 

After the seeds were all in I used to 
look at them a good deal, that is to say 
I looked at the soil which covered them. 



might be) ; that, anyway, mine was a 
new variety, and I had arranged to 
prick off that day if not interrupted 
by callers. And when he 'd gone I 
pricked them off because I remembered 
you don't eat the green stuff at the end. 
But then they stopped growing. 

There followed an attack upon my 
onions. The solicitor next door caught 
sight of them one Sunday morning 
and, putting his head over the wall, 
asked if they really were onions. I 
said they were hardly onions, but had 
a certain onionimity. I expected ata- 
vistic tendencies, however. 

He grinned, because he has been to 
a public school, and said that I ought 
to have asked him before trying onions. 
I apologised and offered to dig them out 
and begin again. He told me that he 
was only trying to be friendly and that 
I 'd never get an onion if I couldn't 
take a tip. And then he went indoors 



noble exception, nothing was eatable. 
The greenstuff was overrun with cater- 
pillars and slugs, the roots were rotting, 
the beans were tough and coarse, the 
peas were hard peas, and the radishes 
were huge and woolly. 

What remained ? My potatoes ! My 
brave, plucky, persevering potatoes ! 
They proved my only stand-by. There 
are plenty of them, and the family is 
good enough to approve them. In fact 
we have more than we can eat. At 
the side-entrance I have hung an unob- 
trusive board bearing the legend, "Med- 
hurst's Middlings," and I charge one 
halfpenny under market price. So now 
I am known in our suburb as " the man 
who sells potatoes ! " 



"He accepted another cigar, lit it on the 
door-step, and walked away . . . For the 
moment, Ilkley's studio was too hot." 

Premier Magazine. 

to his wife (well known in our suburb i The door- step seems to have been rather 
the woman who whistles "). | warm too. 



Beptemeeb 29, 1915.] PUNCH, OR THE LONDON CHARIVARI. 



277 




THE RIVAL JOBBING GARDENERS. 

A Tragic Comedy in Four Acts. 



I 

: 273 



PUNCH, OR THE LONDON CHARIVARI. [Septembeb 29, 1915. 



"MY DEAR SIR." 

He was a small stout round man, with bulging eyes and 
loose moist lips, evidently an inquisitive gossipy fellow, and 
he had been talking (very optimistically) about the War and 
(very pessimistically) about the taxation, fortifying himself, 
as he proceeded, with quotations from the daily papers, of 
which he had purchased every available specimen. I could 
see that he was dying to tell me all about himself, and at 
last out it came. He looked furtively round the railway 
compartment, as if to assure himself that nobody was 
lurking in the rack or under the seats, and spoke. 

" I presume," he said, " that you don't know who I really 
am ? " 

" Ho," I said, " I don't. I haven't got beyond classing 
you as a friendly traveller." 

" Thanks," he said ; " but I didn't mean that. Of course 
I don't want to push it on you. I only wondered if you 'd 
got any idea of what my work in life is. It 's a unique 
business and keeps me hard at work, I can tell you. Look 
here "■ — he produced one of his papers and pointed out to 
me Mr. Lloyd George's letter— "what do you think of 
that?" 

" Very telling," I said ; " distinguished by all the fire and 
eloquence and innocence for which L. G. is famous." 
" Yes," he said, " it 's a pretty thing. "Well, that 's me." 
" How do you mean ' that 's me ' ? " 

"Don't you see it's written 'to a constituent'? Well, 
I 'm the constituent." 

"My dear Sir," I cried, "I congratulate you. To be a 
Welshman is a great thing ; to live in Carnarvon is a gift 
from heaven ; and to be a constituent of the Minister of 
Munitions must be the summit of earthly felicity," and I 
seized his hand and shook it warmly. 

" Lord love you," he said, disengaging himself, " how you 
do jump at conclusions ! I'm no Welshman ; I 've never 
been near Carnarvon ; and of course, in a technical sense, 
I 'm not a constituent of Lloyd George's. I 'm an accom- 
modation constituent, that 's all. Generally I 'm 'a corres- 
pondent '—I 've done a lot of work for A. J. Balfour in 
that line — but this time I thought I 'd try a new touch 
and so I turned myself into a constituent. It's gone off 
splendidly, hasn't it ? " 

" Ye — es," I said, " but I don't quite " 

"Don't you see?" he said. "When one of these big 
bugs wants to explain something or have a whack at some- 
body and there's a hurry about it, he doesn't wait until his 
next speech. He just gets down and writes a letter. But 
the letter must be written to somebody—you can't sit down 
and begin ' My dear Sir ' with any conviction unless there 's 
a real 'dear Sir' somewhere at the back of it all, and that's 
where I come in. I lend just the necessary amount of 
reality to the whole thing." 

" Have you been at the business long ? " I said. 

" Ever since I left school. It 's been handed down in 
our family from father to son for years and years. My own 
youngster's just started in the Midland Members of Parlia- 
ment department. He 's showing a lot of promise. Mr. 
Austen Chamberlain thinks a good deal of him ; but of 
course, being in the Cabinet, Mr. Chamberlain mostly 
works through me. His father was a regular gold mine to 
us, especially during the fiscal controversy ; but there was 
no end of explaining going on then and we were kept very 
busy." 

" I don't quite see," I said, " where you make your 
profits." 

" Oh, that 's easy. We get the originals of the letters, 
and after a time we sell them, mostly in America. There 's 
a big market for that sort of thing there. Of course the 



prices don't run quite so high since type-writers came in, 
but it 's fairly steady all the same. Anyhow, it keeps me 
in beef and beer and pudding, and you can't want more 
than that, can you ? " 

Actually, of course, I could ; but at this moment we 
drew up at Paddington and I left it at that. 



A NEW WAY WITH OLD CLOTHES. 

["Men can save by having fewer changes of costume and by spend- 
ing less on golfing or holiday suits, or other clothes for occasional wear ; 
by having their suits and overcoats cleaned and repaired instead of 
buying new ones ; by spending less on gloves and ties, and by having 
still serviceable boots mended instead of buying new ones."—" Why 
we must Save, and Sow." Parliamentary Savings Committee.'] 

In tranquil ante-bellum days, when ordering a suit 
Involved no fiscal problems that were serious or acute, 
My wardrobe was a constant source of family dispute. 

Against my passion for old clothes my estimable wife, 
Supported by my daughters, waged. a never-ending strife; 
It was, indeed, almost the only worry of my life. 

They used to hide away my old unfashionable tweeds, 
Oblivious of my comfort and regardless of my neads ; 
They banned my pipe, but never once objected to my weeds. 

My ancient ties of faded dyes excited their disdain ; 
My threadbare dinner-jacket caused them veritable pain ; 
And they criticised my boots in language less polite than 
plain. 

They heaped sarcastic obloquy upon my caps and hats ; 
They made me birthday presents of the most expensive spats, 
And the latest thing in handkerchiefs, in collars and cravats. 

In short in half-a-dozen ways they diligently "biffed" 
My laudable intentions to promote domestic thrift, 
Until the struggle threatened to produce a serious rift. 

But War, though vilely fruitful in sorrow and distress, 
For one small salutary change I am inclined to bless ; 
At last I am allowed a perfect latitude in dress. 

My ancient clothes, misshapen boots, disreputable ties 
No longer find disfavour in my ( wife's and daughters' eyes, 
But, on the contrary, evoke their warmest eulogies. 

Nay, better still, themselves released from giddy Fashion's 
goad, 

They follow me with docile steps along the frugal road 
That leads to perfect freedom from the tyranny of Mode. 



Retreats for Army Chaplains. 

"The value to the spiritual work of chaplains with the forces in 
the fighting line of a day spent in retreat must be obvious, as also 
are the dimculties of arranging such opportunities." — Church Times. 
Surely the enemy, if they knew, would oblige with a little 
extra pressure which might produce the desired retreat,. 



"The King and Queen sieptin a saloon railway carriage at Bishop's 
Lydeard the day before they entered Exeter. The royal train re- 
mained at a railway siding during the night, and took a walk next 
morning before proceeding to Exeter." 

Impartial Reporter (Enniskillen) . 

Trains are very human things and after standing motionless 
all night they find these little early constitutionals very 
useful for taking off the morning stiffness. 



After the Collision ? 

" Motor-cycle, new ; cheap or will Exchange for good Bathchair." 

Liverpool Echo. 



Septembeb 29, 1915.] PUNCH, OE THE LONDON CHARIVAEI. 279 




THE MORNING AFTER AN AIR RAID. 

Affable Member of Crowd {surveying broken windows) . "Exciting times, Sib! Exciting times — eh?" 
Proprietor of Cinema,. "Yes! And my business ruined by these Huns giving a fbee show op their own." 



OUR BOOKING-OFFICE. 

(By Mr. Punch's Staff of Learned Clerks.) 
I take it that Mr. Maurice Hewlett designed his new 
Dovel The Little Iliad (Heinemann) frankly as a grotesque, 
an opinion in which four exceedingly quaint illustrations by 
Sir Philip Burne-Jones distinctly confirm me. The story 
is in quito an original, vein, the interest and mystery very 
adroitly sustained. We are given a gruesome picture of a 
physically wrecked but still indomitable sensualist, de- 
plorably dragging shuffling feet — a Baron von Broderodc, 
married to a very beautiful and gracious woman who had 
been caught young from out a convent. Enter Sector 
MaUeson, an egregious sentimentalist, heir incidentally of a 
Highland chieftain. He diagnoses an Andromeda -dragon 
situation, a thought which apparently had not occurred to 
the Baroness, who however cordially accepts the suggestion 
and is made profoundly -miserable. Eventually she flies 
and finds asylum at the head-quarters of the Malleson clan, 
where three other sons of the house, as also the old chieftain 
himself, fall hopelessly in love with her. Comes the relent- 
less Baron in pursuit ; and how this modern Menelaus first 
wins, then loses the game, and where the fair Helena finally 
bestows her widowed hand, I must leave Mr. Hewlett's 
diverting little Iliad to inform you. I can promise you good 
entertainment ; and though, as I have hinted, the thing is 
planned in a freakish mood the author has not let himself 
off the honest labour of construction and polish. His 
sympathies are throughout with his wicked Baron, who is a 



very new version of the strong silent hero, and may fairly 
be considered a sport. What I refuse to believe about him 
is that, even though he shot from a pony cart, he " got his 
gun up like lightning and fired at the instant," consider- 
ing the painful struggles he bad to get his wine-glass or 
cigar accurately to his mouth — pathological details that 
Mr. Hewlett has been at pains to rub well in. 



Something will really have to be done about it. If many 
more of our novelists take to turning out these prodigiously 
long stories, we reviewers will have to agitate for payment 
by piece-work. The latest exponent of the gentle art of 
garrulity is Mr. E. Temple Thurston, with his new novel, 
The Achievement of Bichard Furlong (Chapman and Hall) . 
There are seven hundred and twenty-eight pages of it, so 
that when you have turned the last of them you may 
perhaps feel that the achievement is not exclusively con- 
fined to the hero. Bichard Furlong was a painter and 
etcher, and the object of Mr. Thurston is to trace his 
progress from obscurity to fame ; but, though he is repre- 
sented as doing a lot of artistic work in bis spare time, it 
would be more fair to say that the real successes of Bichard 
were gained in the domain of what I might call (wishing to 
put the matter as delicately as possible) unceremonious 
polygamy. Erom the moment when he runs away from 
the paternal mill, and joins the company of Mr. Thurston's 
other heroes in a picturesque slum-existence round about 
Drury Lane, his career becomes a sentimental journey from 
one affair to another. I don't want to say that there are 



280 



PUNCH, OR THE LONDON CHARIVARI. 



[September 29, 1915. 



not pleasant passages in the book — there is always a certain 
jollity in a tale of success — bub I do think that justice 
could have been done to the theme in a smaller compass. 
In his preface Mr. Thurston tells how he came to abandon 
his intontion of publishing three separate books about 
Richard Furlong's history, and to bind them instead into 
one volume. My only comment on this is that it remains 
true that three of his furlongs make at least a mile. 

During the last twenty years Sir Gilbert Parker has 
-written a dozen novels. At such a stage fancy is accus- 
tomed to flag, and kind -hearted friends are apt to regret that 
the author has "written himself out." This makes more 
pleasant the discovery that in The Money Master (Hutch- 
inson) Sir Gilbert surpasses himself. The story opens with 
the introduction of Jean Jacques " " 
Barbille, miller and money master, 
a commonplace man inclined to 
vanity, buzzing with consciousness 
of worldly prosperity built up by 
himself. On a voyage homeward- 
bound from Europe — where he was 
disappointed w T hen ■ he entered 
Notre Dame, or a great building 
like the Law Courts at Eouen 
that people didn't whisper to each 
other, " Here comes Jean Jacques 
Barbille"— he made the acquaint- 
ance of a Spanish beauty, " a 
slim and long-limbed Diana." He 
married her, or, to be precise, 
it was she who married him, for a 
comfortable home and relief from 
penury shared with a scamp of a 
father. The Reader, a student of 
human nature with mature know- 
ledge of its frailties, knows at once 
what will happen. The beautiful 
sensuous Carmen, bored with the 
dulness of daily life in company 
with Jean Jacques, early succumb- 
ing, will go off with another man. 
The Reader is right. What he 
does not yet know, but should 
take the earliest opportunity of 
learning, is with what masterful 
skill, with what touches of pathos, 
the dull man, miller and general 
dealer, his dross purified in the fire of adversity, is slowly, 
step by step, transformed into a hero of sublime unselfish- 
ness. Nearly every page of the story, certainly every 
chapter, reveals the inventive resources of the author. 
These never fail, and the reader is, with growing interest, 
hurried on to the unexpected denouement. The -world of 
Jean Jacques, a village which the censor may permit refer- 
ence to as " somewhere in the neighbourhood" of Quebec, 
is peopled with a diversity of characters whose acquaint- 
ance and environment are refreshing after a long course of 
ordinary novels. 

A grievance that the American has against Englishmen 
is that they pay visits to his country and then try to put 
it all into a single book. He holds that America is too 
large a thing to be put into a single book. Yet in Turmoil 
(H odder and Stoughton) Booth Tarkington has come 
very near succeeding in this feat. Turmoil, for all that it 
has only three hundred and twelve pages, covers the whole 
oE one side — and that the most characteristic side — of 
American life. It puts into words better than anyone has 



ever done before the American ideal of Bigness— its obvious 
faults and its less obvious merits. " We must be Bigger ! 
Bigger! Bigger! Get people here ! Coax them here! Swindle 
them into coming ! Deafen them into coming ! Any kind of 
people! Blow! Boost! Brag! We must be Bigger! We 
want Bigness ! " That was the motto of the tow y n in which 
Bibbs Sheridan lived, and it was the motto of James Sheridan, 
his father ; and Bibbs, by nature a poet and a dreamer of 
dreams, found himself forced by circumstances to kill his 
dreams and plunge in and blow and boost and brag with 
the rest, until at length there came to hearten him the 
realization that, hidden beneath all the boosting and bigness, 
there was a certain something that was also poetry of a 
kind. In the United States, Turmoil has had a vogue that 
recalls the days of the old best-sellers, those strange pro- 
ductions which it resembles only 
in its popularity. It is easily the 
best novel that Mr. Tarkington 
has written. Thero are flashes of 
the humour that illumined his 
Penrod stories, but for the most 
part the author is grimly in earnest, 
as befits his theme. It is a story 
to be read by all who would un- 
derstand the soul of the country 
that has produced sky-scrapers 
and Pittsburg and the Chicago 
slaughter-houses. "Man alive! 
this is God's country, and a blind 
man couldn't help seein' it ! You 
certainly stand up for your own 
town, if you stick to sayin' you 'd 
rather live there than you would 
here. You sure are some patriot 
to say that— after you 've seen our 
city. I '11 show you something 
now that'll make your eyes stick 
out." Thus Mr. James Sheridan 
to a European visitor, and that is 
America in a nutshell. 




PEOPLE WE NEVEB MEET. 
The man who says, "I 'have it ok the worst 

POSSIBLE AUTHORITY." 



There is real stuff — as opposed 
to stuffing — in Miss M. P. Will- 
cocks' Change (Hutchinson). In 
truth her material is better than 
her pattern, which is rather casual 
and formless. She loaves loose 
threads, abandons even promising 
beginnings, certainly crowds her embroidery frame with 
too many figures. But you read her story and comment 
without skipping, get pleasure of her characters, who really 
seem to be alive and doing, and (1 11 answer for it) you '11 
be willing to put up with little defects of form for sake of 
such fine substance as the patient and indirect wooing of 
little brown Bess Latimer, the orphan, by the Professor — a 
charming piece of delicate romance. There is a background 
of Starrs, folk whose blood was older and bluer than their 
purses were long, and who were a little too conscious of 
other people's essential inferiority. It is part of the defect 
of Miss Willcocks' method that one can't make out just 
what the " chango " was which one supposes from her title 
to be the motive of her work. She gives me the impression 
of not having quite found herself even yet. But she will ; 
and meanwhile she has the heart of the matter in her. 

" Y\ T e are told that Delilah punctured the head of Samson with a 
nail."- — China Mail. 

The other story of how poor Sisera had his hair cropped 
is just as good. 



PUNCH, OE THE LONDON CHARIVARI. — September 29, 1915. 



si 
m 
m 

i 




Here is a 
Reliable Whisky 



v; 



"ARIABLE goods are always un- 
satisfactory, especially those for 
human consumption. Realising 
this, the House of J. & G. 
Stewart has spared no pains to fix and main- 
tain a high standard in its Whisky. A bottle 
of their product is the same to-day as it was 
yesterday, and as it will be to-morrow. It is 
the same here as in any other part of the 
world. Consequently the buyer of one of 
Stewart's famous Brand's knows what he is 
buying, and is sure of getting what he wants. 

This quality of reliability owes everything to 
the care and skill with which the spirits are 
blended and matured. Since 1779 the policy 
of the Firm has not been varied, the high 
standard has been firmly secured, and the 
complete satisfaction of consumers ensured. 

Three Brands of different Ages : 

"GOLD MEDAL" is a , ful . i y- matul ' ed Whi , sk y °? 



mellow, over 7 years old. 



good character, smooth and 
1/- per bottle. 48/- per case. 



Jt 4 1 IN XL 3 1 matured Whisky, over 10 years old. 
4/6 per bottle. 54/- per case. 

a rVTrkrVTD A"D1?TT »' is the lnost exceIlent I 5 year old 
INUrNlTAKlilJ-. Scotch liqueur Whisky obtainable. 
5/6 per bottle. 66,'- per case. 

J. & G. Stewart, Ltd. 

Anderson Place, Bonnington, Edinburgh ; 
Temple Bar House, 23/28 Fleet St., London ; 
and at Manchester, 



Si 




i 



A beautiful centre-piece in 
reproduction lace and linen, 
24 in. round. Price 4/6. 



EBS&SXSSSIgt 



LOVELY 

EMBROIDERED 

LINEN 

YOUwillfind 
the most 
e x q u isite 
things imagin- 
able in our Linen 
Department, 
priced so low you 
will wonder how 
we do it. Come 
and see and 
compare, and 
you will buy from 
us regularly. 



I 

U90M;!] 




OXFORD STREET, 
LONDON, W. 

DEANSGATE, MANCHESTER. 
BOLD STREET. LIVERPOOL. 




After the Dessert 
'Silvo' the Silver. 

*SILVO' will quickly remove all fruit stains from 
knives and forks without hard rubbing. It is ready 
for use — there is no dust— it thoroughly cleans and 
polishes, and makes silver and plate look their best. 

SILVO 

THE HEW PLATE POLISH 

is absolutely harmless. 

If you have not already tried 
it, write fora free sample to 

RECKITT & SONS, Ltd., 

(Dept. 95) 



HULL. 




PUNCH, OB THE LONDON CHAKIVABI.— September 29, 1915. 




SEND YOUR 
SOLDIER OR 
SAILOR 

•WAN PEK 

WRITING KIT. 

No. 2. C. " BWAIf " Safety Pirn . 12,8 
"SWAN" Metal Pocket .... 1'- 
" SWAM " Ink Tablets (40 In tube) Bd. 
Price of Complete Outfit, post free, 13,- 

It will both remind and enable him to 
write you frequently. 

Sold by Dealers Everywhere. 

MABIE, TODD & CO . LTD., 

79-80, High Holborn, W.C.; 204, Regent Street, 
W.; 95a, Regent Slreet, W.; 38, Cheapside, E.C. 
Factory: 319-329, Weston Slreet, London, S.E. 



OFFICERS' SERVICE KITS 

ALFRED WEBB MILES & COMPANY 
are executing a very large number of orders 
for the above from Officers in all branches of 
His Majesty's Army, and are constantly re- 
ceiving letters expressing complete satisfaction. 

N.B. — Gamp Equipment supplied. 

Write for full Price List and Patterns. 

ALFRED WEBB MILES & CO. 

12, 10, 8 & 6, BROOK ST., HANOVER SQ., LONDON, W. 

Telegrams' " Webb Miles, London." Telephone: Mayfair988. 
{Established 1841.) 




UNADULTERATED 
I WHOLEMEAL . 



U% WHOLEMEAL - 

mead 



The stalwart "Yeomen 
of England" were 
strangers to white 
bread; their bone and 
muscles were nour- 
ished onbreadmadeas 
ALLINSON BREAD 
is made — from the 
whole ol the wheat. 

See the band on every loaf. 



Amateur Photographers 

Send your Films to MARTIN. 



MARTIN, Chemist, SOUTHAMPTON, 



ROBIN HOOD 



BOILER and 
BEESTON 

RADIATORS 

Will heat your house | 
cheaper than any 
other method. 




ROBIN HOOD BOILER. 



BE CAREFUL WITH YOUR COAL ! 

For every *1 ^- spent on coal for heat- 
ing your house by open fires, you will 
only spend 4d> if you heat it with a 
ROBIN HOOD BOILER I 

CAN YOU AFFORD TO IGNORE SUCH A SAVING? 



THE BEESTON FOUNDRY Co. Ltd. 

BEESTON, NOTTS. 



FURNITURE for Cash 

The best Stock in London 
at LOWEST PRICES tor Escellenca 
of Quality and Design. 

Wm. SPRICCS & Co., Ltd., 

238-241, Tottenham Court Road, W. 



GRANT'S Scotch Oatmeal, 71b. tin 2/6. 
GRANT'S "Old John" Oats. 21b. packet 1/-. 
GRANT'S Scotch Oatflour, lib. tin 1/-. 

All Postage paid. Cash with Order. 
Messrs. Grant have been selling their famous Oat 
products since 1813, which for perfect purity and 
flavour are unsurpassed. They have exceptional 
digestive and nourishing Qualities. Grant's Oat- 
Sour is a splendid food for children and invalids. 
John Grant & Sons, Ltd., Craig Mills, Dundee, ScotJmI 



mm 



Your hot bath, 
Will you have 
it now 

by agas water-heater 

Or wait till you 
get it 

with a coal fire 



latest Atilomaiic S;;-: 
free from 129 High 
Holborn, London 




Water heater 




have stood the actual 

Test of the Trenches 

Read what a Major of the Royal Irish writes: "After two tours of 
four days and nights in the trenches, in slush and water, I 
say that no damp penetrated my Perth-made boots. The leal 
sewing and 'Dri-ped' Soles are undoubtedly -• 

MhOells 

'Perih'^oots 



D. Norwell & Son, 
PERTH, SCOTLAND. 



Write Now for 
New Footwear 
Catalogue. <p 




-UY Campaign Boat 

pers best pos- 
sible waterproof 
heavy Calf.Double 
waf erproof Bello wsTon gues . 
Hand-made throughout. 
Outer sole, right back to heel, of stout *lO!tL 
waterproof double-wearing 'Dri-ped' ***»/lF Free 



PUNCH, OE THE LONDON CHARIVARI. — Septembeb, 29, 1915. 



~ ■ ,g„ jlfl 



A NOTED EXPORT BRAND. 



The " TOP NOTCH * 
of Scotch. 

known and appreciated all over the world, 
the Distillers Company L td * 



EDINBURGH. 



Capital employed over £3,000,000. 



■ 




BERMALINE 

BEST BROWN BREAD 

a nourishing and 
wholesome BREAD 
for family use, de- 
licious to eat and 
always fresh. 




W THE MALLOCK-ABMSTR0NC ^ 

EAR-DEFENDER 

(As Supplied to the Admiralty) 

For prevention of Gun-Deafness 

ORDINARY SOUNDS HEARD AS USUAL. 
A pair In 




THE MALLDCK-ARMSTRONG EAR DEFENDER CO., 

Showroom A Factory, 3 Carteret St. Westmiiiirter 
(St. James's Park Station), 
and of principal Stores, Outfitters, and . 
^ Instrument Makers. A 




Tcakwood Tea Wagons 

serve equally for Indoors or the Garden. Hughes, Bolckow 
make them with the distinctive plain finish which only perfect 
wood and workmanship permit. 

Battleship Teakwood is hygienic, age-proof, weather-proof and 
historic. 

In Hospitals and Nursing Homes, Tea Wage 
War. You could think of no more useful p 
Hughes, Bolckow Tea Wagon. 

iospitals in Great Britain, 

WEST-END EXHIBITION ILLUSTD. ART BOOKLETS 

of Tea Wagons and all other examples of Mementoes and Indoor and Outdoor 

of Hughes, Bolckow Teakwood Fund- Furniture made from the Timbers of 

lure can be inspected at the Dover H.M.S. ColHngwood, Barfieur, Southamp- 

Street Showrooms. Your visit will be ton, Wellesley (late Boscawen) and Renown, 

welcome. posted on request. 

HUGHES, BOLCKOW & CO., LTD. 

10 Dover Street, Piccadilly, W. 

Shopbreaking Yard: Blyth, Northumberland, 



r — ■ ^ 

"RECORD" not only 
stains but gives a polish 
that lasts. 

It transforms belts, boots, 
and leggings to the correct 
colour, and gives a harder, 
better polish that never col- 
lects dust — because it con- 
tains the hardest, brightest 
waxes ever put in a polish. 

" Record " 
ToneyRed 
BootPolish 

Use it daily to prevent shabbiness 
and darken out-of-date light brown 
tans to the correct colour. 

Get a tin. 'lid. & 6d. from your Root 
Dealer. Insist on' Record' StainPolish. 

If any difficulty in obtaining, send 
1/2 for two 6d. tins, post free. 
RECORD POLISH CO. LTD., ECCLES. 





Make your Wrist Watch break-proof I 

Every wrist-watch wearer— soldier or sportsman— needs 
the Army Protector which converts any wrist watch into 
a miniature hunter guarding the glass and case from 
breakage, protecting the wearer from the danger of splint- 
ers, and preventing dangerous reflections from the glass. 



Well ma 

single movement-unobtrusive, and light in 

Send one to your friend 

Nickel or Khaki Fini 



C35TXT?miV "WRIST Gives absolute 
jrVKWil XtfCTCH protection to 

PROTECTORY 



ny Wrist 
Watch. 



tt the front. 



Leather Cov 



2 6 



Solid Silver from 6,8. 
Also in Solid Gold. 
Sold by Jewellers, Silversmiths, 

Cutters, ete. 
If unable to obtain from your jeweller 
send stamps or postal orders direct 
to Sales Manager. 
\Waltham Bides. 29 Church St. Liverpool. 




PUNCH, OB THE LONDON CHARIVARI. — September 29, 1915. 



THE VALUE OF 
CONCENTRATION 



SUCCESS in a career, an en- 
terprise or a struggle depends 
almost entirely upon concen- 
tration. It's the old story of the 
bundle of sticks. Effort concen- 
trated produces better total results 
than the same amount of effort 
distributed. 

Concentrate — but concentrate 
at the point of effect. He would 
be a poor general who massed 
his best troops where his position 
was naturally least vulnerable, or 
where a strong offensive would 
have no strategical or tactical 
value. 

It is the same with advertising. 
The right goods are of no use to 
the wrong people and the wrong 
people are of no use to the adver- 
tiser. Waste of time telling a 
man the advantages of what he 
cannot pay for or is incapable of 
appreciating, not to say waste of 
money. 

Look at it this way. Only 
people above a definite income 
line have the means to buy your 
goods, or only those with a defi- 
nite standard of taste are likely to 
appreciate them. 

Each journal of a certain group 
of media reaches some of the class 
profitable to you, but covers a 
field much more comprehensive. 

Clearly, to advertise effectively 
through these media means much 
useless publicity— paid for on 
circulation rates. 

Suppose, however, that not a 
group but a single journal covers 
the whole of the profitable class, 
and practically that class alone. 
And its rates are based on a 
guaranteed Net Sale. 

Foolish, would it not be, to 
pepper the papers of this group 
with little announcements that 
miss fire for the most part when 
strong appeals in the one repre- 
sentative medium would cost far 
less ? 

"PUNCH" is par excellence 
the medium in which to 
CONCENTRATE. 



HOT WATER 

Instantly NlGHTorDAY 




When buying Autumn and Winter Garments 
ask your Outfitter to show you 



Viyell 



** Shirts & 
,3. Pyjamas 



Soft and light, healthful and chill -preventing, " Viyella" is very durable, 
washes well and does not shrink. The garments can be obtained 
ready-to-wear or made-to-measure in a variety of weights and artistic 
patierns. Each bears guarantee of replacement should it shrink. 

Test the charm of " Viyella " for yourself. 
Write for patterns (non-returnable), and Booklet, "A Material Consideration," to 
WM. HoLLINS & Co. LJ. (wholesale only), 64 Viyella House, Newgate St., London, E.C- 



HSEEEEEEEEfflEHHEHEHSBHEIllEaEE 




COAL WASTE AVOIDED 
LOOK TO YOUR STOVES 

That old-fashioned stove in your dining-room is 
eating up coal at an alarm- 



ing rate and giving you 
little return. 
Now if you instal a 

DEVON" 
FIRE 

you will find that it takes 
but little coal and gives an all-round generous 
heat and will pay for itself in next-to-no-time. 
Further, it can be made to match with any 
decorative schemes. 

STRICTLY MODERATE IN PRICE. 

Write for Illustrated Price List, 

CANDY & Co. Ltd. 

87 NEWMAN STREET. 
OXFORD STREET, W 

Works : Newton Abbot, Devon 
25% saving in fuel. Best out of thirty -six 



THE "DEVON" FIRE 




REGD. TRADE MARK 
competing stoves in official tests 



EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE 



DROITWICH 

BRINE CRYSTALS 

EVEN the most stubborn cases of Rheumatism, 
Sciatica, Gout and Lumbago yield rapidly to the 
natural action of Droitwich Urine Crystals, which, are 
actually prepared from the Springs at Droitwich. 
Vou merely dissolve the Crystals in a hot bath — 
the treatment is simple, the cure is sure. 

The wonderful value of Droitwich Brine 
Crystals has been proved by thousands. 

Price only 2/6 per 28-lb. bag. 

Delivered free to any Railway f ' . 



WESTON A WE STALL, Ltd. 
~ " , 8f) ISEarttheap, London, E " 



HOSPITALS AND CHARITIES. 



THE WAR 



The national refuges 
and training ships 

'Arethusa ' & 1 Chichester' 

have sent their Old Boys into 70 British 
Regiments and into the vessels of the 
British Fleets. Over 2 .OOO boys have 
joined the Koyal Navy. 6,000 have entered 
the Merchant Service. 1,300 Boys and Girl3 

now b«iirig maintained. 

SPECIAL HELP 13 MUCH NEEDED. 
Patrons : 

Their Majesties The king and Queen 
London Officesi 164, Shaftesbury Avenue .W.C. 

Joint I H. BRISTOW wall en and 
Secretaries: 1 HENRY Q, COPE LAND. 



You are SAFE in 
dealing with 




555 Branches In Town and Country. 
800 QUALIFIED DISPENSERS. 
NEARLY 10,000 EMPLOYEES. 

Issued 631 £00(5 Pure Drug Co., Lid. 



Why Suffer Baldness! 

Suspend the premature ravages of Time. 
Chills and Neuralgia prevented. 




. eprescnting the hair as 

be. is the natural remedy. 
Send for Illustrated Booklet, or call and see for 

C. BOND & SON, 

Specialist 5 forG entle Lnen'sTou p es & Complete Wig s 

61, Hew Bond St., LONDON, W. 



Exterminated by 

'LIVERPOOL' VIRUS 



1% ' L 

KiItq 

■ ■ j^M m mm OF ALL chemists. 

H ■ ■ ■ I V Write for particular* to— 
EVANS SONS, LESCHER a WEBB. Ltd., 
68 "3." Hanover Street. LIYBRFOOb 



NOVIO 

TOILET PAPER 

THIN, SOFT, STRONC AND SILKY. 

SOLD EVERYWHERE. 



CONNOISSEURS ALL THE 
WORLD OVER PREFER 

PD 

SCOTCH WHISKY 

PETER DAWSON, Ltd, 

Distiller*, 
83-84, GREAT CLYDE ST. GLASGOW. 



PUNCH, OE THE LONDON CHABIVARI. — September 29, 1915. 




are the only Standard 
10/6 Fountain Pens 
All British Made by a 
British Company with 
British Capital and 



The Military She 
Ongio Pen fills 
itself, never leaks 

■stjjxz.£i Labour. 



THOMAS DE LA RUE 6f CO., LTD. 



PLAYER'S 

Navy Mixture 

"Pipe Perfect" 
IN THREE STRENGTHS — 



MILD AND MEDIUM WHITE LABEL 

5D. 
per or. per oz, 



41° 




For Wounded 
SritishSoldiers 
and Sailors in 
Military Hospi- 
tals at Home 
and for the 
Front at Duty 
Free Prices. 

application to — 

JOHN PLAYER 
8 SONS, 
Nottingham. 

Branch of The Imperial Tobacco Co. (pfCt. Britain and Ireland). Ltd. P553 




if 



Allow us to introduce 
"Jim Goodyear." 

tl GOODYEAR will tell you a few truths 
nit tyres in general and " Goodyears " in 
ticular. He will bring home to you in 
'ivid manner the story of the famous 
- Weather 1 read, and other features 
which are exclusive to 




Me Observe the effects of 

^ gun-fire and the move- 

ments of the enemy in 
perfect safety with the 

LIFEGUARD 

Patent Collapsible Pocket 

PERISCOPE 

Many valuable lives have been saved by using this 
simple instrument. It enables as much to be seen 
with the eyes 20 inches below the parapet of a trench 
as if the head is fully exposed as a target for rifle fire. 
1ES The "Lifeguard" has perfectly rigid at any point 





been approved by the War 
Office ; many thousands are 
in daily use in the firing line. 
It is light and handy in use. 
The field of view covers a 
n of front 100 yards in 
length at a distance of 400 
yards. 

11 The "Lifeguard" weighs 
23 ozs., measures 4^ inches 
square by 2 inches thick when 
closed, and fits into a neat 
waterproof khaki pouch, 
worn on the belt. It is quite 
the thing for offio 
and no equipment is com- 
plete without it. 
IT The "Lifeguard" (see 
illustration) has a reinforced 
2 formed by U-shnped 
strips giving enormous 
;ngth. It is without late- 
ral movement 



of extension. The "Life- 
guard " is unique in Con- 
struction, Simplicity, Com- 
pactness, Strength and Effi- 

11 The " Lifeguard " is sup- 
plied complete in khaki 
waterproof cloth pouch, to 
attach to belt, with spare 
plate glass mirror, mounted 
in aluminium case, spare 
washers and polishing cloth. 
Packed in stout box and sent 
post free in the Unite 1 ! King- 
dom or to the Expeditionary 
Forces for . . 

H Spare Mirrors CaBhwith0jd „ 
i|- each, or extra 
Spare Mirror in Aluminium 
Case, with washers complete 
2/6 each. Postage extra if 
without Periscope. 
Full price refunded without question if not approved on receipt. 

Obtainable of all Opticians, Military Outfitters, 
Stores, etc., or direct by return post from the 
Sole Manufacturers and Patentees : 

F. DUERR & SONS, 
OldTraff ord, Manchester, S.W. 



PUNCH, OB THE LONDON CHARIVABI. — September 29, 1915. 




T^HE inherent love that a Britisher has for his bath is due to his inborn 
love of health. Therein lies the secret of the success of Lifebuoy 
Soap. Those who love health love Lifebuoy Soap. It gives an abundant 
antiseptic lather which is as pleasing as it is beneficial. 

LIFEBUOY SOAP IS MORE THAN SOAP— YET COSTS NO MORE. 

The name Lever on Soap is a Guarantee of Purity and Excellence. 
inH i LEVER BROTHERS LIMITED, PORT SUNLIGHT. 



Printed by Herbert Heather, at the P 



ie Office at Bouyerie S 



