SEVEN GREAT STORIESdfthe FUTURE 





Giant EYE to S earch the Heavens 



I MARS AS SEEN CROUCH A 
TELESCOPE 



3 ELLIPTiGAL 
MIRBOR 



WONDERS OF A NEW OBSERVATORY 

A BIGANTIC new obtorvaUry, which will enable 
astronomers to obseree and (diotcsraph stars a 
million times famler lhan the unaided eye can 
see is in the oourse of oonstruotien in Texas. 
The skill of some of the greatest aslronomioal 
designers in the world has gone Into the construction 
of the observatory, and It is oonfiden«.y expected that 
its giant eye will observe many new wonders in the 

*'*A*movable dome. 60 »*et in diameter and weighing 
Its tens, will house the giant telescope, and the siars 
will be observ^ by means of mirrors. 

The so^noh main mirror (2), a four-fon disc made of 
heat-realsting glass, the grinding and polishing of which 
will take two years, will pick up the light from the stars 
and reflect It up to an Mterohangeabla oonvex mirror 
lor long or short locus (6). This in tom will reflect 
through elliptical mirrora (3) to the eyepieces. 

An observing cradle (18), carried on the girders of 
the dome, will enable observers to use the Instnimimt 
as a Newtonian Telescope or to take pholograplis with 
the oamera (7). 

A Speolrograph Room (4) for observing the apaclra 
of stars IS another feature of the new observatory. 

.March 10, 1934— SCOOPS 



130 





Great Story of 9 Mechanical Man that Flies 




ROBOT 



It FLIES! It speakt! It sees! A new 
terror of the Wonder World. Gangsters 
are after it, a Foreign Fewer wa .ts it; 
but the Flying Robot has ways of its own 



The 

FL YING 



★ THE GANGSTERS SWOOP 



Velllnfi their 
terror, the gang- 
sters went dash- 
ing away as (he 
l-'lying RoiMt rose 
into the air. 



piko I'lrelli, the Twinoiis Atnoricati 
hail offoicd a fooj niilUuu rhtUnrs 
Hiirtier had id liig 
sturly Ui6 I'nnretiKittdriiiv that hmi imBsed 
heltveen them, liul, unnlilo to satisfy the 
Jli'iti.sli Ki-ientiat as 1 »> the purjiono fot which 
he reijuiml it, I’irelii hint b 1«') Itecn Tefn.scil. 

The ersuiliiiig distobtuRe of Wottlon'n 
Bxituino fcporting gnn inteiToiitwl Hordoi-'s 

tliiiiighle. 

A ypll stmrjfid ouluide ao one of the Run- 
Jiieii took the hrayy *Ing in his elbow. Tlieii 
thoro laino the harnh lat-lot-iat of llw 
Thoiii|iiau. and Pt. Widiluii sltimpi'il down 
from the wimlnw witli a groau. 

“ ’I'he siwiiiidreU! ■’ II«rdi-r dropjted on 
otip kfiue besitle Jiis tnlk-agite, and sent I,yi! 
Roberts racing for hjindngcs iiiiil a bowl of 
water, When he Inul loughly hiyund Wei 
dnn's wnund, the old miin was still iinron- 
scious, hilt llorder deridcil he was in no 
itumeiljate danger. 

Tiio.yaimg 'Varsity man had soizeil the 
fallen rifle end was uDw croudiuig down ot 
llie window. But Birelli's lueu, profiting by 
tiieir Iwjii, hill gojie into cover. 

I’hni tiio llitul and Jar of a Lres-truuk 
. rasliiog atesdily Bgauist the doors toiil 
Uoriloi' that it would only be a inntlcr of 
time l^efore the ganjaterK broke in. 

“ I’tn afraid they-K gei what they waul/' 



A h'.t.ST saloon ijr and a big lorry were 
di'ami up on the b'ncly glen rnnd. Amid 
llie gorne llmt rose from the henther- 
ilad slope half u doaen men rroiii'hod. 

“ You Riiys ready ? O.K. then ! ” 

Spike i*lrelli, big fawn top-i'niil eoveriiig 
liu slim friuoe. and bluck nat piilled low 
over ilia piercing eyes, grunted the worda. 

Sitting in the diiving sent of the sntuon, 
he watched while (he others moved up ibn 
skle (if the plon like an invading army. The 
foremost bugged the squat siiape of a 
'Ilinmpsoo niarhiae gtm; the rest gripped 
l.,.i.;.--bor.i l■•l^,OlHtll■» ol mi Anicric.in 

bpifce Untchfd lllt-'i is they ii.;..!,' t,ir the 
big. i.l-ii- ilmned laiihhiiR h.ilf-way up the 
gleu. 

A strange ii-'i: r.irket had I'Hiught him 
niid hi» gaugstero from Ctiicogo. >lo waD(e>d 
the wonderfni Flying Rolmt which the 
fnmnus British scientist, (irevillo Hordar, 
iind created after years of experiment, And 
Biiclli was determined to gel it. 

All amiDgonients hod beeti nude for 
getting the Flying Ituhol away. The lorty 
wQulii lake it to .^luim Point, where Spilcehi 
own ymilit wailed. And tlwn it would Iw 
an easy ruu to America, 

But if he h(i)>erl to Lake tlio guardians 
of tile Flylug Robot hy surprise, however, 
Piirlli wiw dutimed to disoppointtnent. 

Within tlie denied biiililiiig tlirce 
stood. They were peering Into the glai 
screen of o camera (lijsctira, and it showe _ 
till' figures of tho approaching gnogsteis 
iltuirly ill il« dcptlie. 

Orrville Hordvr, UIl, rlbtingni.du-iMook- 
ing. puslied a thin hand Ihivmgh the msoe 
<if ailrer-grcy hair whirli crowned liU broad 

" Spike Pireili! " he murmuml. *' (kinie 
tu take (lio X7 by forev. 1 was sfiaiil of 
this when I refused to sell it t-i his gangster 
tirganiiMlion. And we nra pmccicaily 
dcteni-eless." 

One of his compsidous wiped chemical- 
alainetl hands on bis while cbemist's smoob 
btid luukoj (s tittle scored. Ur. Weldon, tha 
niiHlv-t. wsi loo old and gentle to ho a 
figWi. , 

B'-l tl;r third uii'mbcr of the trio was a 
■liffciriit pri.p.'lu.ii iJtogetlier, Lyn 
Jtobi'ru hail jollied Ifcrd'w straight from a 
faiUMiis Ktiplish ‘Varsily, where he had 
Hie gitj -li,a.rds with his scientific 
->id mech.vnitnl kiiowledpe, 

l/iiug hours of aloity in labonitory and 
■•|■tllrl.' loom had not invented him fmm 
V inning » Hugger blue, and he Imd st inlied 
.;i> I'.ight to vieloiy three years in Kuceeasion. 

" Tticsc follows will liavn to fight for it. 



shop. 



snapped. tl)s gaze waiidol'cd lo 
iiietal figure which towered tmvards 
gists dome of the stleuttfu* work- 



X.7, with its ])ionsln>iu< legs uml arms of 
flexible steel, mar dve lonio and greal. 
domed head, lonked like enme human gian*. 

lint there tile siniilarily (‘iided Wings 
wore folded b&<^ frooi the big shoulders, 
there was a grret television screen iii its 
chest : the eyta were stghlloss circles, and 
where the mouth should ha've been was the 
er.n* of ft loudspeaker. 

By remote control, the wonder Robot could 
walk, talk and fly, and it could travel equally 
well through' water. In its great avnw it 
could carry ns miirli as a ton over (he 
ground or through the air: yet its teluscopte 



why Hprdcr tiod refused an ofier for his 
iiiventiori from fk-lgrimin, ii foreign Power. 
He h.rd rtefinilely made op his mind ikil 
X7 should uol be used for war purposes. 



SCOOPS— March 10, 19M 



131 



The Plyijig Robot ' 



lulti ^uietl^'. 

Ihf' I'lans J ’’ 

He ItMiluii} t4««i'Js llic little sate I'u 'Alucli 
tl>e jiLuis uixl liLui--|>riii«« ot t.lte mecliaulcal 
B»ii were kc-iit, welting wildly for a less 
(ilaoj in wik-ii M little then). Bui 
lio linaw that the sMtvlt which Pirelli's men 
wpii) boii'ul to umfce wonld bring them to 
light. 

Lyn ilubertB iuvned from the kidiIh •' with 



■' i'vo au idea," be said abiaptly. •• My 
nxi(or<yrle'« lit (lie garage. Jf I can break 
tlii'ough thu ^mmvu I can gel Uic plans 
«v»r to Oifl sale duixiui in tilwgow." 

The xcienLixb sruuld nob hear of >t. Tlie 
risk was too great. He knew tluL Pirelli 
would stop at iiutliliig to get ttioso pbius and 
blne-liriiits. Ihii Hobens was ileuuiiiiiied. 
ojid M the gtaal doublo dours hegau lo 
•idinlcr ouder the gaiigi'lcri' uiislauglt 
Border changed liis mind. (Ipenlue tho door 
of the Mitt ho (hue- out a biuUy Jioeii 
envelope. 

" Taka tlioai, I.to," ho said ijuielly. 

-*• An.l— good lock I 

•• Tliukt," replied the olber. and slipping c«ddly 
Ibroueb a rear exit Irum tbo workshop La 
xuade uis way to the garage- 

'llie gleaming O.U.V. Borioa 
raiue ttery day fnnn tiis lodgings in t?lir- 
liiig stooil ready. 

r«utknuly he wtllulrrw the IxtUs <•£ Ih* flood's 

iloor. but he Jidu t open them imnie- jn,„ crashed dowr 

•tm^y. Instead he kicked tl« m^-cyclo cmnipUd 

tK- .t...!-, ftt.Ji sprawled un«necim» un tb« floor 



Whit 



earth didn't 1 think 
Flyuig Robert. Raise 
smash these gumiieii out of eaUteiu' 

a craxy Idtoi '' 

i(« was daabiiig across <o (he controls j'lut 
as ths door cnino craebing in, spewing 
splinters in evucy direction. 

■' Slick 'cm up. t'% boy ! 
blubbed oat across the woi 
Border's band wciil down on 



Taken for a Ride** 

Phalli had rio' tTmo to see more. The 
gangster iit tho wheel of tho lony lost hfi* 
heLid oomplcteJy at ihe startling sight- Thd 
heavy celikle slid wildly Across tho lond lo 
espsua in s deep ditch. 

In tho domed worksliop from which tho 

r' - II. cangsto* had stolen the Hofaut, GrcvilJo 

£'* Tinder saw tl.roagh tho lelcvialou eye of hie 

inxetitioa sH that look plan.’. Indeed, it was 
HonJer himself who had hreught iJio Robot 
<o life. 

Recovaring from the gangiler’s crool blow, 



^X7 COMES TO LIFE 



i it bc.foco. Ji7 — (ho 



The words 



"Quick! fli-forc I stmt aLootin'!'' 

Tho scienliKt's liuuds went up. and be 
rued to rai-e ill* wiricd-Iooking nutoiuatk 
.Sujk« Piielli's hcriogcil band. 

'* Wo'xe cume foe the iron man," grbnod 
like. " Nusp away frooi those levers 1” 
T1i» erey-hsired iK-icutist stared at him 
Idly. * 

" lou won't get X7 while 1 nt hero to 



his one thought bad hern to gel to the c< 
trol l«T«rs. H« had leapt to a pauei at one 
side of the workshop. Little cmessing that 
this was the control apparatus of thu machioe 
they hod sloluti, the .Imericans had 
ignored it. 

tVith hlobd streaking his face from the 
gash in hli forehead, OrEvillo Border now 
vratvbed the gangsters' confusion. 

" Ro far, lu good." he to)d himself grimlyv 
"But there is still Roberts— ami the hlo» 
priut?.” 

He had lieard the American saloon roar off 
in pumdt of his assistant when hn left on 
lijo Norton, and TCalisini: that both tho man 

rl iho pOMrs wen in danger, he directed 



get X7 wWr iL- the Flying Robot in pursuit. 

caJiat}-, jdaying fur Over Iha winding ribbon of road bolweeil 
(bo fieathar-dad slopes (ha metal man flew. 



oil her 'rtaml, (jio starter. 8lill 

from iIh> »iomii>g ride, lha engine tired at, 
bis flnrt. kick, bm'ldtng a low song of power. 

"Now for it!" gtunled RoiMirt*, aud, 
dvawhig out the clutch, slip!>sd into sccund 
gear. 

H.- jockoyed tlie inacliine forward, so Uwl 
(be •■ngine would taka Uic exlia^ioad of 



, f , , ,, j.. lao neainer-ciau slopes uia iHouii mou 

la iliai n? dnwled Iho ©rngdea^r aelhitujn ccU apparatus ir. 

flickmd St ona of h.s Robot's head showed Herder the things be 

sought. 

Lyn Rolterts was in grave danger. The 
itotHi car was slntost npun him, bub lui'kily 
tl«» gsngsteiw. sure of capture, reserved llieic 
j Crc. Lyu turued a white face hacknurdgi 

rnalica.l flip. mi‘ti VJ 



ttordev 'a 



Rirelli latigbcd barslily. 

“All ri^il, boy*. Take the Robot," 

in spite of its hugi' xi», bring built of a above him? 
bnlletr-pniof alomhmmi alloy the Flying ~ 

Uolml HAS comparatively Itgbl. 

'urefully the gunmen toppled it forwai'T 



realised* the- race was nearly lost, Then ho 
saw the glcuniiug sltapo of tfie Robot gliding 



iiiddio gear, and (hen gave lici- hai/-Uirat<Ie juto » recuni^nt position, *ud iu this way 
s be let ill t)>e irlulrb, curried it onl (e the wailinc lorrv. Wliilo 

The No.- - • "• ■ • 



The men in the enr saw it, too, for they, 
shouted in aniaseineut. But they did nob 
givu up the chase. The utoon was noajng 



g.._ _j, .... — saloon 

alui^ido (iiR speecUag tigure of the niofor* 

. ,, , .... • cyolfet. about to force him into the ditch at 

,cnt roanns (brongli tho they i-ouc.l it- into position, Birelli htoelf road-wheu at last the 

b oil to the dnvo at tho soarcluxl the workghop lot the plans and bhio UnKn,. .wouhliI 

- — il ahing_ B. jiath that, priuts. wilUoul which tho stolen Robot would ^ ‘ 

be useless. 

At last, with a muttered curse, ho aban- 



•iiSkod down the glen-side tu the road. 

A yell Itoni tlt« right somided as llm gang- 
sters. still Bltocking the woriahop, S*w him. - - 

Bnllrle hiswd end whined about his oara, safe told him wliera the ptaiis had been and. 



doned the fruillcss March. The Jialf-opon liiemUy snatdiedlyu Roterta from his 

aaf^ 'Inlr1 lifm wfiarA ulaiiK had been ana. r*. ^ 



jTOiiiler Robot- swooped. 

Like an eagle after its prey it came down, 
invtui arms hanging loosely. Then tlis 
powerful telcicopsc finwre — — -> 



nnshcaUied, 



'iiieioberiug the lUuInT-cycliiik who hud 



sruhiug low in the soddlc, Lyn Robert: 
iQckrled oa. 

Vlo rouihod the road unscathed, skidded thru)._ 
half ruund and allot soathwards. Tlia howl- “Well, that guy won’t fjet far," lio 
t»U{ gido beat back into his throat tlie Ungii nuiltored, au«l dcnidoil to follow the saloun 
hli gave as he saw rirellt reachiug for hi* and tfio motor-eyclo in tlie loi'iy. Jle joined 



: tho saloon went i 



Ilia 



The bike wm a hundred yards fi'om llio Thoee who cooldiT'. .. - 

i-if .mi cor in which Ow gaugsU-r sat before of Hm lorry rode ou tho rcni’ with the Flying 
tl.a wan could %mptv Imb gun ihraugh tlio Robot. 1« any passcr-hy, amt there wuio 
iMik-out window at tho rear. few in Uie hlahlauds, they would appear as 

Rut PitfiUi was not beiilou yet. Tliinkiiig ordinary wortmeu iransiiorting a piece of 
1!.' .TtA had coin- tor Bib police, he rowived mnchiixiry. 

•-0 gel him ut all coeta. Pirelli felt saUslksd Ho enjoyed a fat 

“ Hoy. you. Gel in liere ! ” hr giated at liger oa tho lorry vuuiUled along. Tlie vesnlt 
• v.n of Iiiii ru-n who w<uw siondiug by (Jm of his mission had heeji eaiuicntly aolis- 
moior lorry. “ Follow that guy — uiid get fattofy. On.-e gft tlie plans froui Uial 
' "• dnrnrit motorH-yi^Bt, 



luipol, he realised that he mu»l liB\e cerried 'j'fcey meant to put us many English niile* 
.. , ua they could between Lhemselvca and that 
*■' - “® iiiclal avenger. 

Herder Inniod the Robrit for liorne, ouil 
-vliU liolding r.yii Roberts in its aafe, sura 
llngere it tauio croieuig buck over the da- 
Mited coimujside. 

It iros at this jnomrnt that Hurcua 
J-eWanc Jo iderl to take a liand in the game. 



i tlifl enh 



•j^-niE ROBOT KILLS AM 
ENEMY 



i he would mfui'ii 



is <if startled yells from l>ehind it 



_ nationality lie would have replied " 
shrug that he was « Cosinapolilau. 

Just HOW, however, be was eciing *s a 
ret agent in U>e service of the Belgaudan 



ilriting -sc.it of tho s.vlooa, a _ . 

Ill liBMilo iiiro. I’iwUi ateppi-d down int- — — — — -- — 

mud and watched them diiYo away. icmiptod his thoughts. Peering through Goveroiuont. A cwverly foiged passport 

k.i«;.ib gcrimwed as tho man ut tli« whrri the open rectanglii at iJm back of the «ih had ^iiiod him adrolitani»_ to tl»e aoet 
I. in (he sniier-chawt, aud soon tho ho gaapeU at an amazing sight. _ ...m« 

• • ‘ ' - 1-. ' Flying Robot was eonuug to life' 



(H'king dangerously willi her 



Iiriiugb 

There were forty horsea mider the oniato 
buunrt of the American car. SoDUrtune.s 
Pirelli roiildu't afford to crawl— back in 

llhiiago. r»i> me inoiiM* * uui, i. — 

Tho, drivov, cigftEotle lolling from his fat MVdriike'lirw? 

lips, watcliwl the BpeedmuBter needle n«p i,ahinc« and pitched, yelling, from 

touiiJ to the eoventy-toa mark « they g., ceding platfonn of tho lorry. 

w|, mod over H.6 slratgUl niounlaiii toad. A low laugh— Horder’t voice— eounded 

Away eliead, with an engipn tuned for fruoi the lomlrpeoker cone, and there caruo 
seventy, Rutnrrts *6 l«t Jies« tho than- the word* Goodbye, Pirelli ! " Iteecroed 
dcrone »oug of tlie nimiiing car. as If tho Robot itself mouthed them down at 

They v.-ers overhauling him. A groan left ii,e gangsters, 

Ii« lips ua lio joggled with extra air. Nob a Qjro-vanes o.. 
hope. • • • tho saslight, said iha wlogn of tho moustac 

He imogined they were after the yltnsi oufoWed Ilko fliow of aa acroylaBo, 

132 



The eigai' fell fi'onj the gaug-leader-e ceok, a soft hat low down over Ids eye*, ho 
lilauched lips aa Ik saw the ropes around tho Jiad watched (he gaogsterv' (heft of the 



urab (he inoiiatf-r. but liU flesihln metal arms ceutrols through the window. _ 

“ • • • - . I-. Ai— .1 — jjjg Qpptirtuiijly for guiniog tho Robot 

for Belgamia had ariiveif Cautioosly ho 
pushed open the door of tho domed work- 
shop- 

Itia eyes took in tlie xcene swiftly— the siai 
lisore of Hr. Weldon 'ysng on tbn flo<!r, the 
Bciiuitifiis apuaralus tlint lay around. 

QreviUe Uorder, beudiug over the te!e« 
0 the Robot’s back flaslied in vision screen, had no warning of il.r silent, 
menacing fienra (hat crent in behii.J him, 
A levolver butt rose and feU and for the 

March 10. 19.31 — SCOOPS 



Mechanical Man makes a Kill 




N»iih! UiiiB th» scieuilst crnBhe<I inla nnM*R- 
sciDiisnttts. His inort bwly vnu dragged 
intu ail Miti-cKamVr and t'>fi dour lo^ed 

“ Tienel Now to captnra tlif Big One," 

liL'lSi'd I/cbluQu, 

H<- glanood into (he (aleviaion acreen and 
Wot a view of tlie countmide over vhioli tha 
Bol>ot was now flying. uuLkiug largo in ons 
cuTiiri' was a dosa-up of Lyn lioborts bold 
safely in tha Robot's arms. 

Firat, decided Leblanc, vrs ntnsb get tld 
ot this possible fue, and to this pnijiose 
Leblnuc steered Uie metal >nan over the 
course of a swiftly. Howing mountaiu torronL 
friieu, examinlnB >be keyMard widch jutted 
from the coiitriil U'x, ha pressed an ivory 
key marked “Finger rpleass." 

Immsdiateiy the Robot released the bodv 
of liie niotor-crrlist as it shiranied tow. A 
splush soandetf elcai'ty iu the receiver as fho 
yoiLug man dropped into the rapid river. He 
was whirled from sight, wrestling 
deMcraUsly with tha grip of the torrent. 

The Flying Robot rose once more in 
answer to Leliliiiir's lisnds on the controls 
nnd I'Hmo hiirllmg back to Ite gless-doincd 
eyrir. 

There wns a Irijinipliant smile on Hie spy'a 
face us lie steered the Robot home. Iu Iiis 
mind's eye he iJrrady saw the country for 
whii-K lie worked stridioo to the conijncst of 
Euio|m- with an army of these metal men. 
And t.'ount Leblanc rewarded with hlgli 
oSen for his i<art in tbo creation of that 

■"a; , for LeUimc! A little knowtedgo is 
a dangerous thing. And be possessed only 
the liBziesl ides of Ibo thing he rontrollctf. 
It proved for him a Frankenstein. 

Into the glen mine the Flying 
sliri'iiig sight with iU silvery wings 



gyro-vane.1 spinning belsreon its shoiildere. 
Bat inetead of coming to rost amid the 
hmithet as I..eblsnc punned, it began to 
rirrle round the dome of the scientist's re- 
treat. Through the fplevisoi: Lobliwc could 
aeo it whirling disxily tike some gigantic 
homing pigeon. 

His eaitow face blnncbed. Ho realised 
tliat the liobol was out ot control. 

And lioblunc lost hU head. 

bladly he manipuUted uiio after nnnHiet 
of the coniiiiimted dwitc.hos and levers in an 
effort to ond the right one. Tbo restiU 
brniiglit disaster. 

The Flying Robot dived suddenly. Ha 
tnousirona nietal-proteets'l head amaabed 
Into the glnas panes of the dome, ebivering 
them into a thousand splinters. 

Porttmatoiy the metal wings of ihn Ro'oot 
folded dnwn automaficaliy, fuid the hag* 
figure crashed hsHdlong into the workshop. 
Freu then Leblanc would hare bi-vn Mfe, 
hut with the wild instinct of eelf-preserva- 
tion he ilashcHi ncniea tbo control-room full 
in the j>oth of the llobol's falL 

Nothing could save him then. X7 Idt Iiini 
like a battering ram, crushed him to the 
concrete floor, die lay smashed aud lifeless. 

The aileneo of doilh descended on the 
place. For aoniB minutes nolbing sUrrt^. 
1'heu a great hammering aonmled on the 
door of Uie cbaniber in whicb Lchlauc bad 
locked the scientist. 

Grevills llordcr had lecovored rrmscious- 
nesi just as Ibe Robot unshed through the 
dome, aud tbe sound of {Ailing glass, the 
thondor of the fluhnCK {aII luid gisen him a 
good Idea of what liad occiirrRil. 

" Wi'liinii 1 " he cbIIihI urgently, again and 
" Wake up man, nud get mo out of 



injured aualyat's brain. Dr. Weldon sat up 
on tlie camp bed and pninfolly hauled bim- 
self to hie leet. Then be lotternd acroat to 
the ihinr of the tchjiu iu which Korder WM 
imprisoiird. The key was otlU in the lock 
nnd be Luimcd it. 

(jtoville llurdor stood on the threshold cud 



Good liMTcne! The Robot's come Iwick 
—at this coal nf a human life. That fellow, 
whoever he wcis, will never sclienio j.»iu. 
(tivc me a Itand, Weldou, if you can. 'ts'ii’U 
tdiifl tiui RolioL ami esamiue him.'' 

KvcrUiig oil Ibfir eomhiued strength Ibey 
iuIIihI the meiel iiiim oB ids vkliul. One 
glaiico told Hordcr that the sfiy was dead. 
They carried his inert figure into Ibo other 
room ami laid it on a couch. 

iiunlur's next amcam was for the o\Uint 



examination of the wboio of the metal rnsed 



^lie ImidapeaUci lOiie was badly erunnded 
end cue leg dumuged. Thn turn total of Uia 
rest of Ibo "iiijuriia" yxen a few deni* 
ou tliii metal aliouldeie. Even tlie loughcnwl 
glass of iho tGlerlaiun screen in the effigy's 
bi'i'cst was uubtoken. 

Striding to the control p.onel Hordcr tan 
export bauds over the koys and switebee. 
A number of glnas gbbos, similar in appear. 
nnce to wireless valvea, glowed redly and the 
iccmnbeiit figiiro of the Robot rose upright. 

'■ Excellent ! Excellent I " exuliod the 
white-hvrtd acientUt. " X7 still wuiH j>er- 
factly.” 

He paused ou a sudden thought. 

Lvn Rolmrts! MTiat had happened to 
I.vn ? 

The dead man loii-.! have i aiise.i the 
Robot to drop Robens lowibwhera on the 
UHV hero." Hor\ter nmlleml rpiiekly. 



The man ut ilte 
control* font hia 
heud.Paoic-atricken, 
be stabbed down at 
the levers, and the 
Flying Robot came 
smashing throu{}h 
(he gluss dome. 



SCOOPS— Marcli 10, 1934 



1 33 



•' Goad gmekms, >*K>y liave. fiueu 

killed. ...” 

biuliU-u idea fame to him. Ife'd send 
the mcUU man back o\ar U\e coiri'se lie iiad 
tnitcu and endeavoer U) find tlie siRfhanin 
with the nid of Iho Leleviitoi. 



Flying Robot’s Great Rescue 

dioborta nodded to show that lie had Iward. 

HeT[i had come only Just in (iuis- Already 
his mi3tit>od finjjiirs were sliiiping on the slimy 
l odt. Oiiec he let go nothine could 



answer the Koltot strode across the flow of 
the workstioii, tlirough the ama.shi’d double 
doors and out into tile glen. Hero he un- 
folded his wiiijis and. with the gyro-vanes 
s|iiiining, zoomcij up iiitu tho dear uir, 
'iTimugh the televisor Orevllle ITordcr fol- 
lowed tho Roljot's eouVHo with keen eyes. 

lie saw tho whito road, llw hcalhcr- 
cuvered slopes, und iheu tho llobut was flying 
ovar the valley through which the river 
wound its conree. 

Hortler took in the tortured surface of th« 
foomiiig waters, tho jagged shapes of the 
houldens uid rocks Hist liilercil Ihn bed of 
the swollen torrent. In season this was a 
plfosjuit itreiun where sportsmen fished for 
salmon and trout. Now, owing to the rerout 
heavy mins it was a treacbornus, Iwiling 
river, ilonp and wide. 

Suddenly Holder strained his eyes as he 
peered closer into the screen. H« had 
noticed u. white fignre dinging pronarionaly 
to II gaunt brown rock in niid-streiun. 

The sdooliat recognised his assistant, 

All right? llwtig on, Lvn 1 “ ho shouted 
the xvoeds into the microphone, and as tho 
wuiuis issued from the speaker cous of tbo 
n«bM whicb now was hovering above him. 



I'lyiug HaboU Kordcr's finger* trembled 
slightly on the controls, and the slight attark 
iif nerves proved bis undoiiiif. Down swooped 
the Robot, but tiui IcleacopU- fing^, instead 
of soiadag the figure of tho nseehauic, brushed 
him from the rock. 

Hu disappeared into the foaming waters.^ 

Hortler groaned as he saw the young man's 
head boh up again, and theu sweep sway to- 
wards the whirlpool. 

tjomehow he mtist save Itefore he 
WM drawn dowa into that dreadful 



•^X7 GETS HIS MEN I 

C l,O.S^, i-loser to tlie tvlrtrliiig water* 
Ills iiclploas human figure spun. Ha was 
Imvelliiig like a cork in a mill race. 

But the ltn?>ol was faster. Almost akim- 
iiiiiig tlio bubbling anrfaco X7 bnlletoil 
tlisough (bo nlr, .And Ibis time liorder msdo 
no iiibtuka. 

Ilolieits was almost on Uie edge of Uib 
whirliriol when tiio Robot's right atm stahbrd 
itownward* end a cry uf triumpli sounded iu 
the speaker cone ns at laet tlio expanding 
fiogMS found purchase on Uie mechanic'a 
waist. Ho was ilrawu up from that hungry 



Can it be DONE Z 




drclo of doutb and, Safa io tiui Rooot s 
carried swiftly back lo tho glon. 

'■ Thank heaven Lyn’s sale." 

U'lnler, as hn polled the lever that rnased 
the Robot fo set Roberts safely ou his 'ift 
outude the hcMiM. 

■' Don’t speak too soon, guy 1 

Tile words, spoken hi fumiiinr nasal [onus, 
rauRCfl Horder to whip round m suiprise. Ho 
Raw Spike I’irelil stamling in the doorwuy of 
Urn control room. Tho gangster's heavy mws 
were clomped oo to a cigar, und he held lu- 
.autoniatic aligned on the scienUal'a heart. 

” Ycsli, I^-e come for tho ahow-down, 
Korder," aucercU ihc gang-leader. '' My 
men outside will atlend to the Oth«.' guy 
when he sets foot insido tills hang-aui. Gel 
tlds and get it good. .Any mor«_ triol'; fr-j-'i 
yon and I'll blow you Io Hell.” 

Tlia goug-lcadcp was in n raging lemper a' 
the wuy tlie Habot had upset ni* plans. Bnt 
now ho thought he had a belter idoa. 

Tho nieu lU llio saloon, driving north for 
Storm Point and the yaclit, bud picked iii> 
him and two of his men from tiu scene ot 
tiiB lorry smash. 

■' Now you’ll do exactly as I tell you, 
Horder, .And donT forgot ho tapped tho 
autamatic in his hand—" there’* a bnlict 
marked ' you * iu tbi* gal. 1 wont that iron 
man, Horder, and I want it bad. You’re 

S uing to fly it for me to Slurni I’vint. I’ll 
o the rest. Get going!” 

Harder looked as thougii no wm going i« 
refuse point blank, but the menacing wca»ni 
in tlio gangster's h«n«l sileuced him. AViHi a 
shrug of i-csignation he turned back to the 
controls of the flying Robot. 

It looked a* tliou^i Pirelli wiia going to 
pull ofl tbe last trick. 

Ilordrr. liowever, had s stmaga exprcsii'.ii 
on his siisU'CO face ss Im bent over the 
Ibdnit’* controls. 

Tu Pirelli it looked just as though his 
long, .vmsilive riiigiTi were playing n time a* 
ihey glided over ibe key board, Tliey were! 
-SI iiine the gangster was very imon to dame 
to I For iu the main hall cutsiile n rhani* 
of friuhlcned yells suddenly sounded. 'I'he 
■ e* of Pirelli's men. 

Holln, what’s tho racket?” snarb'd tlic 
guiig-leadcr. "If you’ve daiible-ct -. ssihI 

mo " .And liis fiiigfir curled snggestively 

iiroaud the trigger of hi* guij. 

Next lonment il dropped from his smidviily 
iierveioss liand. His eyes nearly starting 
fmni his he.id. be stared at tlia grout metal 
tiuit enaked tlirotigh the door of the 

contnil roiin. 

It Iwlongcd to lh« Flying Robot. I’ircUi 
felt hini.self gripptil liniily in tho telesojoio 
lingers, ami he was (IntggcU, struggling hidp- 
Iftisty, out through the door. In thi‘ nisio 
litill the Ruh»l I'jDui'heil in almost hninan 
fashion, and Pirelli »rw the rest of hie men 
scooped in a struggling mass of sruu and 
hhts-iii Ihc R'diot'* other arm. 

Tucked nnder Ihc Rnliot's giant ariiis, 
1‘iivlli iind his men were borne oathide thu 
woi'Minp, tlie Robot covering tliu grouiul in 
loiiE strides, nieu lha planes on hie back 
miupldcd, and, with gyro-vauos wliirriTie, lis 
zuumed into tho air ones more. 

A joiiiiiey of un Iioui- cmlod over lha main 
BtrueU of C'lasgow. Horder steered li's m< tul 
man to Duke Jrlrmit jvjlicc-siatioii und 
laughed into the u-levisor nn ho mw tim 
i,..,toninhed bobhicH pour cut into the olivet to 
inw-.lT.-3lc Ihc rniisr of Ihn croud lliat 
.nlle,!, ! t 1--, tho . .t,iiij(e sighL 

XT standing like a lighthoiiso on Um 
sidewalk, stooped ntifily and dropp«p>l llm 
nhivering racketeer* into the laps of the 

This i» Prof«i*or Grevillo Hnnlcr speak- 
” uamc II viiio) through Uin loudRimsker 
; in ihc metal monster's mouUi. " I give 
psa men in I'lmrgo for ntlpinpced loii’vjry 
d muvdev." 



imliiv 






h In caused by tlx 



by tbe gmofee of c 
U a smiriieless ci 
tbe fog. Vi 



smalatlng wllli moisture 
sulil be invmlcd fioae «r. 
vent tbit fog destroyer? 



suld be ibe amolie — gone 



to grub liwir men. The gangsters were led 
away to a cell to await tlieir trial, wliirii re- 
.•■iillcd in a sUfI wntciico of miprUomnrm ond 
sulisc>]ueiit dnpotUliun. 

March 10, 19.TI — SCOOPS 



134 



Wonders of the Future In a Great Inter-Planetary Yarn 




MASTER 

of the 



CAUGHT IN THE DEADLY 
'^SARGOSSA of Space, and 
Fighting the Man who would 
Conquer the World — the Master 
of the Moon 



if MOON MASQUERADE 



L IKK PDormoua hilver shark*, the two 
great plonet «hiM were flouting side li/ 
aide in tiio sahie blarltnesa oi space, 
apiiijc ban;] ovrr luiad up n ro^ ihat 
Btrelolicd betweou lUu two eitwoU weie lour 
tigaMO, IbrM oT tlirni to suitft litre Ihoso of 
■liven, all with tJDOraioiu trtuspsreut 
IretmoU. 

It wM a woird, iinusnn; arene. 

ITumlreits Of miloa bonmtli ttrelcbed tlis 
hUnding splen{lour of ihs lunar globe, seeiti- 
ingjo oil all heareii witb its pBllid glare. 

^bols picture moiulnuui and un- 
real, }e-l it WHS ro yhiirplv f^.->ed in tlie 
frigid black frame o! »iHi<e that every dctsil 
w» clsar. 

NoUiing cooltl he inorE incredible than 
U>e mkbty idMw ot jelly-likn spnwn that 
hpug a great eurlain above one of the 
eliilis, the dfetsor. Tl>e liner was entsngled 
in this aiulT, its slerii mrket iubce sniotlurcd 
with tlie jsl^. And the whole curuiti 



'Algy Tyford. In tlia disgoisa of a cap- 
tain of the Uoon snldieni, be was the last to 
clirab the tope. 

lie Inokml down with a shudder. _ 

Ho bad deme good work doriog tills aocrot 
mission to the Moon with the fiery Captain 
Kidc Chsnna, skipper of the lightniDg ship 
of susia. the Pnircrsi. 

' Y^ln be was jnnrooaeil on tbs Moon. 
Lord Alg>- had discovered sn •nonnous liinsr 
gon firing slmlls. roulsiiiuig Moon eoldiers, 
up at hib own ship. 

The captain of tr.e Moon eoldieiw was now 
lying Blretdied ont lieside the huge gun. 
Lora Algy had “ borrowed " bis uoiforui. 
end in one of the abells bad projected him- 
salf up U> bis ship again. 

ffe bad passed muster with the Moon sol- 
diers in the confuision of the IwiUie on the 
deck ot the Onircut, bat now ell around 
daoger lioaered like a tangible tiling. 

Iteliind hiirf in tbo Cfnieerse tlio tearaoma 
Moon ;;oldiors who bud raptured the planet 
*ldp stared from the rouoa ligliUid ports. 

Lord Algy supined tlicm, liowevor. The 
chili ot fear oi Ids Heart wits for tbo figure 
th^ wuit^ on tlio other ship. 

Thm was aomolhing forbitlding, terri^- 
log ill Iho vory pi^o of tiio tsU, Ixarded 
man who wnlteo quietly in the open air-lock 
chamber of the Jfeiror. 

A startled took had rrossed T)r. ITiigo Mer- 
Isn's htiimeled fimr when he first suw Ijord 
Algy in ciiarn of Ibe vnptiircd ship and the 
three priBoum. 

Eb had rOeovered bimstlf quukly, but 
Isjpd Algy hud grown suddenly ptiiiicl^. 



TliB young Poor wore a helmet willi a 
shining oiwent Moou, as a mark of i^k, 
Bud he had spoofed wvou his own fnniios 
with the Moon etpUin's cosluine. 

He had only just told .Sntunariiie Sain of 
hu real tdeutity, thereby eiviag that sturdy 
space-milor foch a shock that ho nearly lost 
hie lioJd on the rope, „ . , , , 

“ I **J'- y'“ knf'W. old chap, lilealwi 
l,ord Algy. “I'm sure that fsarfol Moko 
aver Uiere lub upoUed me. from the old ctd- 
lege cap, ns i< were. The glassile hslmet, 
y'Rnow. Daahrd awkward, that's what 1 
uJiM it ! ■' , . . , 

The '■ fesrfiil bloke ” Lord Algr iuw re- 
ferred to happened to l*e tlisl slinosl un- 
believable pcironsKty— the Master of the 

Moon. 

The brilliant, aioMler Dr, Merlan hwl his 
rival scientist. Captain Nick Cltance. a 
prisoner aboard hia ship, and that wa* wliy 
Algy littd rooed tlie Uhirrw iip_ alrmpii^de. 
Bill bo wss now beginning to wish he hnd 
not heea so imptikive. 

•' Got to go tliroogh with K.” Sam gritted 
os his glassUe IielmiH tonrhed .Mgy's. 

Bui the lauslly Idiliie ynungslur emitted 
a hullow gronn. T)» osygm pack ou bis 
bul k must look like a great bump, he frit. 



Picking ap the Mseter o( 
the Mood bodily io hla 
arme. Lord Al£y hurled 
him out into the frigid 
blackness. 



with tliB gUHeriiig Moon armour pulled up 
over ilv And as ior his big transparonl 
helmet,, hinged to Ids space suit, it stoed out 
like a lightboose. 

I'm rumbled.'' said Algy gioouidy. 
•' Ob, dear me. fte's got that ray gun lo 
Ids hand, ond— well, hang him, anyhow ! ’ 
Algy’s jaw squared. 

Chang, the beol.le-browed Mongolien si»o*. 
sailor, was elsmbering over the rail. He 
was cfosely followed by !?amiKi. the immeiisa 
block. Then the other two climbed on to the 
slerl platform. _ 

Doctor Merlan. aUndmg in the ropljosrd- 
likn air-lock, held the rny trained on iliom, 
.nnd there was an innone fin in Ida Mack 

*^Srd Algy afciBcned. He, loo. bad ray 
guns in mrtal holst-Rs, token from the Moon 
•wptain he Iiad kof>ck«l out. hot 1» know 
fivm their Uiiii bore?, that they would only 
emit pencil rsj^. 

They were siifficicol to blow a man to 
nnthmgnos*. hut tlio .Maator «f the Moon 
held a squat, ugly gun tliat conhl obviously 
IdsBe H cone of Kuudiiig light that would not 
oidv lii.'iiitegnite the four of thnni. hut pw- 
gibl^ cause the Voivtnt to disappear as 



SCOOPS — Mareli 10, 19.T1 



135 



In the Lair of the Moon-Master 



Ttiij sitoalJf'n Wiw tiiU of TKsril, »w<l the 
Jest thing 1,-ml Algy waited wss a ilu<-I 
*,iU» r»y gniiJ-. 

J}iit he was rertaii* the pim*>(or sornliBt 
w.iji Btif.piuious of hini. 

Tlw Slaittor of *IwJ Moon bwlinned lum to 
enter the nir-loch. 

Lord Algeruoii TyfntJ sleppe^l lorwanl 
Bmo-Ttly. Re win going to piny Use part of 
the Jlcvin cdptaSu to llin I'ittei en.l. 

Tlie two touched holmein in the iur-lorlt of 
Iho plimet ihip. It looked like- n slntngo 
errcmonv. but lo reelity it was done fo tVint 
the MnsW of the Moon's voice oould carry 

to hie supposed lieuteuuiif. 

" C’uplwn Anlnrzn, why do you wear lljBt 
helmet!’’ The Lmior I-ord Rpoke ui i«IJ, 

^ Loref Algy fonj-ht for confrol. Ho knew 
he hi*il not Uifi rigid cheek Ixme* ;md harsh 
fnee of Uio Moon p«>plo, anti the Lnnnr 
lAO-d's eyes were like pitiless seuruhliglits, 
probing him. Hr. klerUn must know ho 
\^na not tlie M-mn replain. 

Nisvetlhelow Wil Algy lied bravely. 

•• Muster,” ho »»id, "I mot n yoiina 
EartJiling and killed him. This Iwlmet I 
Huar a* a trophy.” Hr spoke in Knglish, 
Imt there was no sbing ui Lord Algy s words. 

The Master of IliB Moon tioddedj apprsis- 
inc him. Was ho ploying with Inm like a 
cut, with a moose! To b's boordod bps 
there crept n cruel smile, siid his block eyn 
whre all s-glitier. 

NevertUeUrs, after a moment he Bremea 
BBtis6e<l with lh« eiplapotion. 

"f«o! You killed the young English 
Lent," he purred Softly. "Von have done 
well, Capuiit Anuriio. Very well, in- 

Lo'vd AJev drew a gasping breath of relief. 

He felt nbiost diarr. Hail ho roally got 
away with it ! Rl«oted this keen, .lanperous 
iniui w!hw» (Hirsonality projecte'l through the 
whole world of hparef U t.eeijied too good t«. 

After a juomnnt the Msufcr of the Afuoii 
went oil pnrringly. “ Yoo captureil^ Use 
Kartlilings' idiip; that was good work. 

■' Master, I live hut to serve,' answemt 

Irfirtl -Mgy. meethig the Urrible geze. 

•• Then why did vou uot bnng your Moon 
soldiem serosa! ihe Master of the. Moon 
roared n» him. " I nee.1 them with hatchets 
lo cnl a.w«y this sjmwu of spare- ^ « ' 
drifting into the dead an>a 
sliip rctunis, Why this del. 



TIBI to lie .Vrieor. llis word had l/»!serje, and crammed tho stuff 
on tho M’? 0 ’t au hmg. that Lho teii-foril, sheH. 
order being ignored was oiithink- While the Moejn 



idea of «i 
aMo. 

He did not eve 
at tha point of the ray_ guo 
three captured spncc-sn-ilor* 
lock, and slid the ihiy 
hissing ut ' ' 



the result, bul 



There r 



wolves afraid lu 

ihnloiidod sparo pup dtiwn, tlia cdinip.iii 
—id into the alr-lorlt clssmbcr. 

The M6nu koldiers rcowded upuiJ he 
kiic Bmiom-,. ci.v-.t V..W — a tlireatening roovcitimti of the m; 

•, iind Dr. Merlnti opened tile they <s)wered back. With a prim • 

Ltud Algy Jiulted llie sliding dym-. 

' eijang, SunihOMiid Skim Tiki' stopped short. ’'Got to jam it op so Uint they <i. 

M flicy cfosaod the thTeshiiUl, sWriug in out." he breathed. _ 

liniTor and divad nt ti.ii' leader, Caplaiu He loiiii-d one of the ray pistols on lho 
Mick Ghance. ^ greov# of tlie sliding sliufter, nod puilc l the 

The fighting RcicHtisl lay on Ids bnck, ormx trigger. The hissing iiranao streak playni 
milstrotclied, while rouii.l him still liovored on the mrlaJ. and it ran like molten lead. 
r» few of Ihe fearful Moon bats that Jiia When lie Iried tlir hniidlo ajpiiD, the door 
enemy bad kioseJ upnn him. would not pull hack. 

• iiemsiided Clioiig. end bis “ Timt's puzzled the blighterSj hr » ghed 



waicliwl him lil.e 

ieap,^ lend Alf^' sIienMur-d 



I, hiii 



i.'l get 



ulmmni eyes liiid s (iperish glare c 
limed from hi* beloved tiiasf. 
ipiirdcd S'ientisl with tiie wiudt 



they 

lice 



* TRAPPING Tin? MOON 
SOLDIERS 



door of 
the L’ln'rsrss. 
his narrowed hire 



There was a gh 
eyes ns ho snrveyeil the horde of iigly-looking 
Mminmea wtio hail captured the riiirme. 

" Tnke these blighiors back with me? Xot 



r the metal butts 

Rtuls, for the Mooinnen were 
1 him with niunistnkable 



ltd wanning 
liostilitv. 

Thoy now knew tint they Imd been fooled ; 
that, this was not tlieir captain at all. 

Tliese iloou people were fearfully ugly, 
with rigiJ-bonsd face* that weiw eovcicd 
witli akin like old grey iiarchmenl. Eyes 
glared at llie young 1‘eer a.s they sliil in to 



the s 



They w 



iw:k. 



s Ihe picked slioek troops of (lie 



with rriiaf. 

.Vow camohis mnat llckllsh job, H.‘ liniit 

liealing a wild tattoo, ho pushed open ibo 
sliding timer door of the air-lock cliKudn'r. 

Overheail the stars moved steadily m the 
velvety blackness of ftbwiinle spare. 3'},i* 
two enormous silver rnift, connect^ iiy * 
Kinglo fifteen-foot rope, were bobbing like 
oiitlwred ship.s in a n'ugli sea. 

,\t limes showers of tiny jneteors. vavrl- 
ling at bullet-like speeds, bundmrdcd tha 
ImUa like hailstones. 

There was danger enougii in itiiK dread 

.^ra^t«^ of tlie Afoon had Miid I'-al tliey 
were lirifting lo llie Sargoasa of Space, And 
»a far as f^rd Algy could t«U tl'ey wf'* 
already in some eatcroid belt, pcrhari all 
that remain^ of some planet that lisd I'oen 
disrupted into thousands of tiny fragineiils 
many millions of years before. 

And they were drifting in Uti* groat gulf 
of tpace— lo where? 

'•Basiled U I know, or rare.” brrothed 
Lord -Algy. "Got to join up wiib the 
chaps." 

lie manhnndled the tpace pop on to the 
rope, and poshing ll before him, climbed 



he pn 

_n,’ Biid though none of Giem had ^ , 

than a fifth of the muscular atreiigth u{ Lord upwards. . t 

Algy-, them were enough of them to overcomB He swayed perifously, bul goipg haiul over 
biim hand on the rope as ha had donu before, 

bike lightning tlie young Peer pulled the Ixird Algy clinibeJ up to llm other planet- 
Inng, thm-bui-ed ray pistols from tlieir ship. 

IinNfets. ’* 



wlieiH-e 



( nicuiua. ,»,.j 

Master, I imt waifwl your tirdei-s. 
stammered Lord Algy. 

•'Thru qoick, fool! ' hiinrt out Dr. 
Merlau willi a sudden blaze of energy. 
" Bring the soldiers ncrowj set to work— 
before wa are doomed! " . 

Lord Algy tunied his back immediately 
and scrambled on to tlia rope. He conld not 
tell wheiher that was the coi-rert mode of 
gelling out of lho presence of the Lunar 
ford, Wl he was glad to get awoy at, any 
cost. He was not surprised to find his whole 
body in a sweat as he went lack across thu 
topn. , , . „ , 

•' Bv gad, y’know. what * bounder ! iia 
bleolo'd '■ I tnraii to sav. hi* tempeniDient'a 
baekflrwl wi iiim- But 1 kidiied him along 
roJ.linr neuMy, I fanqr. 1 m^n, ha miwt be 
a pilHing sort of a'S, really.” 

In that, however. Ixird Algernon Tyford 
was making a grievous error. 

The Master of the M<Kin was even then 
staring after him with eye* Idac-k ne coals. 
Ho had known all tiloiig that I-ord Algy ■eas 
ail unposter. 

"Tne fooll" he mutterod coiiteiupt- 
uously. 

Ho was p lann ing 41. subtle lUld temblv 
form of deaUi for the fuir-haired young apafie 
adventurer. Dr. Merinu's mint! look deliglit 
in .Bubtlelie*. But first he needed the Moon 
Mldiers to hack thie dangerous spawn of 
space away from the ship. 

UnlesB that was done, and quickly, the 
planet liner would drift into the dead area. 

Dr. Aferlaii lti»d not the tllfilii.est dnubl 
that Lord -Algy would bring the Moon 

136 



.. ..as Btiff work, vritli the Winding whito 
Miiou drifting far, fur beneath him, with 
chunks of rock hurtling through space 
rinse by him, and with it all the fenr that 
the Master of the Moon’s heavy, bearded 
face might appear at one of tile p<u t windows 
of the iVeleoT. 

If he saw him without tha following of 



.'k. von si'um!" ha gritted through 
hi* teeth. Or . . . all right then ! " 

Ono of the hidcint soldier* Imd thrown a 
Imtchet, end Lord Algy ducked just in time. 

'• n*ssf»sabh ! " 

■Wiekad, pancil-thiii r»j-* of orange 

light were strewing across the deck. And .. — „ 

the soldier who lind tlirown the Imlchct Moon soldiera Dr. Merhm nugbt very well 
writhed, twistsil ami aeoniert to *»nm© a decide to send a hissing «nc of ra^-light 
ghostly spiral »hai,>e before vauisUing out from the wr-lock, j 
altogether. 

. It sot Lord Algy’* nerves nn edge, oud 
hi» Angela rclazeu on the triggers. 

He hud no eompuncliou about blotting out 
these hideous people. And jot the maimer 
of their vunishmg was appalling. It sirkened ,i,oment I 
him suddfiTiIy. and ho could not go on. suspense. 

But ho had dour enough In leach them a gome told him lie was entering 

lesson. The Monniucn towered back, utter- ^ fearfid trap, but he stifled fear. He was 
ing pe*'uliar squeaky cries that went tlirough go;„„ desert the space-sailors or the 

Lord Algy Kke the rasi* of a pencil on a ygj.heudod scientist, Captain Nick Chance. 
*^**-, , , . . . , I u u j Ho reached fho ollirr diip, and, working 

Suddenly h» mind -was made o|i. He had ^ „p jj,, torprd.vliko 

i? projectile. He got it op at last, and released 

, 1 . UI 4 r u.- the rope that held the two craft together. 
All idea of holding the Alp and Cghling began to fall away liehiud. 



_ , , and that would be The 

end of Lord Algernon Tyford. 

Those round ports of the liner threw 
fingers of light llirough the frigid btackness, 
1110 ail seemod to point at the young advnn- 

n the rope. Lord Algy felt * 

1 lo bo dratvu • 



I agony t 



with ber was gunc from Ills niiud. 
wanted to be out »f tliis place with its mail- 
dening inuckery of 



'he Moon soldier* were boied np liriplm 
in that other planet ship. 

" Better leave llie space pup here,” Ivord 
Algy breathed as he went into the sir-lock 
and slid the door. "Dash it, wish I was 
hack at Tyford Park potting rabbits ’stead 
of this'. " 

The certainty that he wo* rnnnina his head 
noose grow stronger, and nis heart 
wild tattoo. Nevertheless, there was 
I help for it. 

mred' food from tlie lofikenh .md everj^tiing With madly drummbig pulses. Lord Al^ 
else he tliought they might need from the pulled the inner air-lock doort 

March 10, 1934— SCOOPS 



Dash it, i'll gel back to the Ptllers and 
take line of the spiuc pups. I'll fill it with 
grub and stuff in case 1 have to do a moon- 
fight flit.” 

The spare pop* Lord Algy referred lo were 
the shining, torpedo-like shells in which the 



Battle of Wits in the Depths of Space 




*MOON MASTER’S GRIM JEST 

L oin* ALGY'8 fncB wpnt ■white sa he titoft 
ill tita scetiB on the uiipec ileck of the 
Idiilili.li' o£ the Moon's plaricrt liner, MHtor. 

The three epsoe-Mitore, Suhinfirine 8ar>, 
Cluuig tiiid 8ambc, etood side by side in n 
line Bgaicet the ivnil of the rlutirt stiip, 
pmioocd and gripped tngetlier by whet a;>- 
peared to l« cxtraorilinary spring coihs at- 
tached to tlie wall. 

Captain Nick Cbnnee lay on the il«-k, 
writhiffK oonruJsfveJy. His trim iwd beard 
jutted, Lis eyes blHied bs he tried to slnigglo 
up. 

Wiiile the Mnster tif the Moon was sittinR 
on his throne-liko control chair, the protec- 
tive ray hissing and tplittteriug urnund liiiQ. 

As the Master of the Moon sbv> Lurd Algy 
ha niUed his arm in the Koman sniute. 

’* I£«i!, Hiller I t/<rd Algy l>r«iLlied to 
liimsolf, niid caLied bis *rni in a sunilar 

Oreetings, Capliiiii Anlasr.o." inockwl 
the evil stfionlial- ■' My Moon solilierii, 
where are they? " 

“ They oomo, fioiii," hord Afgy roturned 
in the deopeat voice he cnald ronuiiand. 

For a niomeut Dr. Merino ijnreil. Perlwips 
» suB^k-idii shaped iUrIf in tun mind, lint hu 
dismisied it. Like lUosl clever men, be ou. 
der-rated liU opponent. 

Quickly (be eioating triumph rotomed to 
Iiie fm.'s. He liarf got the measure of tfi- 
young fool. 

He lipllevod that (be Moon soidi'-rs were 
ituuiug over llie ivpo, Hi.s subilr. r>enrjlah 
mind was estmeling the last onner of tnali. 
cious iileasure out of playing with Lord AImv- 
Tbcii, Middfudy, ho tired of the gnnH*. He 
looked down nl Nick Chance lying ou the 
floor, coming back out of the dark sea of on- 
aiitsui(>itsue 3 .a. 

" Captain," be pnrrsd sofijy, iritJr a 
Tnalevafeiit smile, " yon sob before yon the 
Moon eoldier who billed yocr coiurade, E<ori| 
Algernon 'fyford. See, he wear« the glasaite 
helmet ss a trophy. He has diapUawl uiii 
gi’eatiy. So nmcli that I pmtnUe yim 
tiiat your own lifti Hiid th(«a of your ciww 
abali be .vpni'fd if yotr do me tl» lavour 
«lUp.il‘;hing this Mootuiuin with a Imllet fa 
your revolver.” 

Throiiali Iho ndsttbiptam Kick heard (he 
words, tlirougb the red fog before his eye* be 
suw tlin crescent iip'met !*ofd Algy wore. 

Aliiinst before the demon acientint’s words 
had slrnck Iwme ia his brain, lie whipped 
his revolver. 

Hn atrngglbd to llis feet, bis 
red-lwindcd face disl.orteil. 

'• V<m soy till* Bwiue killed bis 
eWp? " be growled. 

Swsyius diaziiy he rammed n bullet 
the (vlinder of the f.'.dt. ft seentad {I441 
n zaod blaze of blind rage Captain Nick 
ubout t-> carry out (be hideous auggestio 
the bearded scientivl. undahooi. 



HunAing erlmly to the 
rope, Lord Algy nmife the 
perilous Journey between 
the two planet ships 
hoverlBA In space. 



" My wurd bolds good,” Uio Muster of 
the Moon purred. He had 'pushed back Ids 
Bpace helmet un its iilnges and was lighting 
a cigarette. 

The three space-sailors cried out in horror 
ns they watched ; but tha aounde were 
muffled liy the transpHrent iielmeta ihc^ wore 
niid Cuplain Nick ifid itol heed them. 

Lord Algy struggled frantically with his 
apuce^ helmet, anupped the catch and pushed 

He found bimseff looking down the mtiazlo 
of tha giin. and he wet his lips. He tried to 
rjy o>Jl, 10 (ell (J»u« bfllf-ivuisciiius ailvetilurri' 
(hat he wh-s Lurd Algy iiimself. Hut in tlinl 
inomeni of roe,) (nreor bis loitgnc refused to 
•wrn out, the itictBte.s tif hU bruin. 

Then Lorif Algy lienrcl <t rtoafening crash. 

'• Br-rangi ” 

It wail the lest sound be licaril. With lliat 
crash all iii.v tiouldes rolled Away from hint, 
aud ho fell headlong to the deck. 

The three spare-sailors stared la speechless 
horror. For they knew the truth. It was 
liOrd Algy that Nick t'hancsi had killed. 

TJnwiilnigly, by the Ceiidish sehoming et 
the Master of the Moon, [he famous apace 
captain h»d killed (be young Peer. 



HURLED INTO THE VOID 



fiercely. Even the Muter of the Moou 
caught his hreath a little at his wolksh 
iuipect . 

■' Well, tliero's one Moonnuin gono," Nick 
BBapMd. ” Bight hetweea Iho eyes. Ha 
killed I,ord Algy-^nd I’m glad f squared 

Tlie tragedy of it— the grins trageily ! 
Nick’s apace-sailiir* starnd. They riutvfi nut 
loll tlie Captain whut bo liad done now. 

Tlie hfuter of the Moon langheri softly. He 
had cousumnwfed a fearful vciigrauc* njaw 
Ills rival seiantist, bnt his aatisfacUoa would 
not ha complete until Captain Kick Chanc* 
vi-cn^ii-sed (nal it w»s Lord .Mgj' ho hnil sliot 

Ho pictured tu himself the space captain’s 
horrified lemorso, nud gently oltukcd his 
board. 

"You mada n good job of it," be fmrred 
HofUy. Hrilli a tlevilish sparkle in his litsck 
eyes. " I tsa use you, faphtiu. nnd I thluk 



137 



Death Waits in the Sargossa of Space 



ytiu N«ill Join nil’, «>Iien 56U bud ont v,-h«t 
70a havii iloiie," 

•• Perliaps,” the griui lonca of Captain 
Chance convf^rrd ni; iitnmiw. 

“ You'd better complnle yoirr woi-h — by 
jolting fill of the bo*'y,” the Mn<ii>--Mn(rtet 
Mi.! *• Take it and throw it out of the air* 
Iw't ” lie added craftily. 

•‘Good puongh! I'll lUww nil tlie Moon- 
snen you likn into rpnee," Ceptain Nick 
pnimiM'd );riuily. 

11c wfluicil i-otnj>li>triy U* tavc riH’overciI 
Ilia seuaes now. for stboping down ho lirteil 
l<uril .lUgy esaity in liia anna und niadu ditwn 
the rompaoimiviBy nf (lie apace liaer wiili 
him. 

Hut in (lie air-Iui'k with the outer door 
olosivl ngainst the freesiliB elhia', C«pt«in 
Nick Chiuice did n strange thing. 

Uc bant duwn and sltook the yoimg man 
fierreW. 

"Hate, wako uji:” he crieil. "I shot 
yon, aoo, but tho bnllet was a dummy onei" 

Slowly Lord Atgy’s eyelids flickernl open. 
Jtecognilkm dawned— luid u twiatrd wuilo 
nroaaeU Ids fare. 



” Ilnllu, skipper 1 Dash it — been hitving 
n inttca iiightmaru. 'l"hought you shot ino." 

■' Your Lorclsllip." the famoiw redhead 
said, loaning forwnrd and epi-aking laraoBtly. 

Von f.vcd it gamely. I rfoogniaed yon 
imuiediatri^v, but 1 heat the old fool at hla 

^hy— why, dosh it!" exclaime*! Lord 



gosturu. "Hast! Uo's coming. B 
iintwit the fiend ret, I'vi' on 
iloWH aguln, and I’ll he back. . . ■" 

Tha stioce rapUdu dari-jit out of the air> 
lock nnd ivu tbs i.timiKUiion’way to the oppw 
ilmik. 

lie hud heard Dr. Mtrlan'a fwtetepa. Tho 
M.aaier of thn Mooii had bwm intent on wit- 
ni’saiug Captain Nick’a byrror when ho di»- 
I’OTcred what he had done. 

Dnt Llie red-bearded aiwce captain met him 
on the upper deck. 

I've got no helmet on, he growled. 
“ Can't open tho outer dour to the clhrr.” 
Come with me,” said Dt. .MarUn gently, 
udjuituig his own heliiicL 



400 GARS in a 1,000 




Mile 

RALLY 

Experiences of To-day 
are improving the Cars 
of To-morrow 

Greatest Rally in tbe 
History of Motoring 



Hie R.A.C. Rally 

T he esra of to-morrow are Lelug Imiil ou 
the espcrieiices gaixieU in the road races, 
i'kUIh and competitions of W-Jay. 

RelUhilrty, performance and gensral em- 
cieney ail make progress as the i-ouipelitUm 
Iwcomes keener. 

Races snd rallies of the past have been re- 
FponsiWe for liw preseot-doy efficienry of 
tyres and lirakes. the comfort of the modem 
fsr and tlie iinprovniienta in design. 

And nest Tnreday. JIarcli 13th, Britain 
will lie tlte scene of tlie bimest comprtitiou 
ever lield in the history of motoring. 

From nine parts of tlie cuuntrt fotir hun- 
dred car*— a limited entry— wiU travel to 
Douiiwmoulh by routes covering sboot ono 
thonsBod iuiles. 

The Amateurs’ Chance 

T -IIK compelition i« the E.A.C. nunl 
Annitai Bally, and it will give ordiuary 
motorirti an opportunity of sliowiiig Ih«r 
driving stiiU. 

Tlie trade is. of coune, represented by st* 
teams, but Uje gresicr percentage of com- 
jietitors will be nnialcnre, and in their 
ranks are more than fifty women. 

Entries ore divided into three olasse* : 

1. Cars over 16 h.p. 

2. Cara iindar 16 h.p. but over 10 h-p. 

3. Cars of 10 h.p. and under. 

There are lOB big cars in Ctass I, 16S in 
riaM a, ami 134 " babies " in Cinsa 3. 

The competitioa takes tho fonn of the 
sneoesful completion of the r«ai! teat nnd 
tiiiw a driring Usl. the iinturo of which will 
not bw dinclosed until jnst before the test 
MartJ. A sfiparate concfiwork cOHipoliiioB is 
niae inoludril. 



Driving Skill 

F or tlie ixwil lent cars RHy start from any 
of the niaesturting point* — London, Bath. 
Norwich, Lenmingtoii, Buxton, Harrogate, 
Liverpool, Newcastle, and Qlasgow. 

C'u-s in Class I must, averaiie 26 tn.p.h. ; 
thoSh in Class 2 24 m-p-k; and those in the 
filial class 22 m.p.h. 

Two drivers most travel with each car, and 
neither may drive for more than 700 miles. 

Each ear will leave the siarlirg place with 
200 mark*, and must arrive at Bounraniouth 
on March IfitU, no more tlian five mintites 
before or ten mlnnles behind tiir speciOnd 

Two iBiirks are dedurted for every minute 
liefore liiuo and ono mark for every ininuto 
late. If more thnn oim liour late, a car i« 
adjudged as not having • arapleted the i-oarae. 

Winning Means Big 
Business 

H AI'IXO fuccesafully lompkted lliii part 
of the eompctiiioo, <i c*r may then go 
on t« the special oUminsting lest, whk-h will 
Irii daigued to test not onW tic sfcitl of tbo 
dnven, bol the braking ciliekncy, accelera- 
tion and manccuvrahility of (he cars. 

Mure lies behind (he rally and lOinueiition 
than the mere " lifting «if a pot.” 'lAe can* 
tlial win will bring hnsium flooding into 
t!in workshu}M of their lUHnufictnrera. 

Sinne Mr. Donald Healey ami 5fr. T. II. 
Wisdom secured tho l^ht cur class champion- 
ship at thn Moflto Carlo Bally with their 
Triumph Gloria, tha firm. has been wocking 
Overtin'iB to deni with tlie tosh uf orders, 
^poi't success moans trade eac«88 I 



Ifa led the way. "Whan ho I’sw ibo 
Imddled'Up figure of Lord Al0 in the air- 
lock he bwt down to raise him up. 

See, Captain, Cake eiiotlnir to^ at “ 

But Ih) go* Qo tacthor. Lord AlgOmmi 
Tyford came to life. Tho young Peer leant 
np and liit tlie Master of the MMu. All tne 
l>ent-up anger tliat was csiicentMCeil in him 
lie let loose m Uial smash. He umnnund like 
a stoel spring, aud Isalied Uia Muter oi tho 
Moon wtth a mnrderons punch ts tim sulor 
pjPMlS. 

Tlio atnlster scientist cravhed down with lil* 
body sliding ou tlia st«el floor of the air- 
kick. 

Lord Algy had no componetiqii or mercy 
now. He hrul reverted to primRivw man. and 
tlicie was somolbing like imirder in Ins heart. 

Jainming shut his glosaite helmeC, liw 
niotioned Captain Nick nut of tha way. Then 
he closed iba inner door, nnd slid np>n the 
outer uir-loek door. Pidiing up Dr. Merlau 
bodily in his arms. 1i* hurled him e«t into 
the frigid blacknesa of jpaue. 

Ho went over on Itis hack and floated in 
his spncQ suit and faehnet, 

Lord Algv nulled off the Mnun captain's 
eostmno und nurled thn wholo tbing sCtec 
him. 

“ Dashed rotten mitsiderl" ho rnorteiL 
"I ws« just about ready to biff him. 

Captain Nick, nuw in space suit and 
hrimot, ranic oat and patt^ Lord .tin's 
shoulder. Uc could see tliut bn was kiiifer- 
jug a litUi' from shock. 

You did the right thing,” ha said gravely 
as their hclmrtiS toiichud. ” You have go* 
rid nf a terribU uouaco to oivilisalbai. ' 

* IN THE DRE.AD SARGOSSA 



A JOyOlhS wekotne awai^ Lord Algy on 
his triumphant retnm v.iljt Captain .N'ick 
to tho deck nf the coptored piaiffl iliigi. 

The freed epace-saitara could nrit utaka 
enough of Iiim. Submaririo Brid Dike cteppod 
him on ibe tuich till Iio almost coUspsvd. 

"You did a real job of work, yTowd- 
rhip," he said bnrtiiy. *' I'm heic to toll 
tho world— yvs, sir." 

*• Halher. Great »lufl, chaps, ” agi'ecil 
Lord Algy n little shukily. ” But wliat about 
siunoihi^ to eat! ” 

“ Y’es, I go find him 1 " rinmrot»d • ’fimig, 
and woQfc ia searcli of fhr gallny. 

Suddenly Ntclc gave vent to a »ft exv 
clamstion as his eyes went tu the iiI»htv»» 
tiim window of tbe spare ship. 

” Look I ” bu cried. 

Ho threw the slinUer of Iho obsmatioa 
'window wide opan. In the frigid blwdincss 
aliead they cotud sea Uia flouting figuro of 
the Muter of the Muon. But tint indy UiaU 

The other jiUuct ship, the Vulvenr, was 
cruising aiKimd tlio fliNitiiig body, and some 
of tlio groU-M^iie XIoon soliiierii slood at the 
entrance to »n utt-bx’k, one of them liuldhig 
a long hooted polo with which ho was fitliing 
for tlio body of the Lunar Lord. 

Even ss Ni< k ChsJice and hi* o-ow wali'Iiod 
tenuoly, the hook fixed in the Imlt of llio 
floaling Masl<r of the Moon, anil lie ws»' 
pulled into tbe air-lock. 

" He's rtill alive,” gritted Capluiii Nick 
C'lialiue, after a monieiii nr two. 

No doubt uf it. 'Die Xlastur i*f ih” Xfouii 
stood erect in tha air-lock, and they n.Tir him 
aliako iris hut in cage. 

” Rs's powerful for a great deal "1 harm 
vrt," Ciiiitsiii Nick Cham-e grilled. 'Aod 
we'ro drifting in space— goodness knows 
where. Our engin« aniTt work. We've got 
111 wiiteh out itosely for Uie M.vs'.' -.’ of Ui« 
Morni, ImIk.” 



C^uatn Id tne spawn of spacc—^ dread aar guea 
of the alrlrss void. Qipcaltt mck asdhls spoec- 
eallurs find lo« ship* aad meet wtth bair- 



Macch 10, 1934— SCOOPS 



138 



It Game From Nowhere 



Voice from the VOID 




Business of 
Monsieur Beranii 
was Death, and the 
making of Death — 
But the Voice from 
the Void knew the 
Man’s Trade 



* DEATH IN THE DARKNESS 

T IMMY buUuiHd hU jurkoL and Sooksd 

J nlrotit liiin. Nbtlitiig mt,TF(), nDtlibiR 

TireaUiod. Even Ilia street sir nfljs still. 
'X'licrA WS9 a vicked siipniia on ererj'tliiiig, 
os iiiu'i|fh the rue Vai’rutuie ctouphed, u-sil- 
lug, wuiclilugf lireathleas vdUi kus{>endi'd ei> 
{irriutiun. 

JiiDiny vrenl along it loukiiig -d. eailt door 
'uilil he (4ine to nuiuUor aixteea It eras at 
tUo diir end nf wlmt iirowi to he a nsrruw 
cul de sao— st tha very bull ot the 0]«iiiDg, 
St Ihr liiiitom of the traji iUelf. 

Tie tapiiciff on the door and itobody 
answered bi» toppiVR. Tha tapping seemed 
dreadfully loud iu die stiUceas, ami mused 
'him to look about him once more, ks tlmugli 
the noise of it might hare aroused nmne 
£endislk inmate of (nia uwesoum plaee, 

Hu ijiished the <In>ii'. It gave nudor his 
band, and there yiitviird before him thu pitch 
Tdoidc void of a narrow eiitrBncii 7>a»sage. He 
slopped ioskle. ll wne Ibo brnvest tiling 
Jimmy bud ovsr done. 

Nolimly cliBlltitigeri him. 'J'liis Jack of 
sound, this entivu absence of nggressivo 



action, this cusa of arrival ami of entry ware, 
snmoliow, inora dreadful Ihnn' open ntUirk. 
He iilmost wished tliat srmioUiiiig would 

“ir jiimiiy, nephew of I.oid llKiftdwnlor, 
the I'oieim Secrelary. wa.s on Secret Service 
■work, ana iwril was waiting for him «t every 
slop. 

Ijooking for n job of work, lie had con- 
siiltad hit micle. and us u rt>sult Iiod been 
sent seaii'hing for a Vhmitom Kliiii that had 
lieoli seeu on die Essex side of the Tlisiiies 
Ksinary, and to ins’eslieate strange guesip of 
s Voice, B mysterious Voii-e that siiokp out 
of Xowiirro, above the whistle of tfm wiud, 
thundering out over tiie roar uf the sous. 

It all sounded a little InII, but Jimmy was 
.•> whole for myotary, and already ho liad secQ 
and imarti tilings nu the Imirly saltinjp that 
spoke of terror and mystery, 

lie bad seen tlie i^Imutom Sbl|k— a striHign 
ghost, vessel Ubal rame out of the mists and 
disappeared again tuto uulhiiigiicsi. Hk liod 
beard the Voice, too— o Voice fniin the Void 
tiial came niaring as from R tlumsaml longues 
iu slrs'ige places and Out of Nowluirp ! 

Tlien Jimmy Usd uiet ‘Arry Rilks, a 
vegiilnr old eeldirr who was staying cm llio 
Coast fur tho good of his hoaltb. 

A stray shot on the Baitings, intended for 
Jimmy, hml cBtigbt Mr 1-nwlcr b»t. 

nmi tho iiidciont bad cemented the friund- 



r-idp. ■.Vny Bilks W.'V "in’' UI, Ui* 
aJvoiiliire. 

TogeUiPi , tire two !u»d gone ..ii a -u ret, 
tnission from Lord nrnadwnler to raris. ,vnd 
here, imder UiB very nowi of Jimmy, Mr. 
Bilks luul Iipen spirited nvpiy. 

But oven $o gliusriy a ti'iigcdy as Ibnl cmild 
not prevent tlin work going mi. mid sick nt 
heart- Jimmy nx-. s»w saarcliitig for tbr iionso 
wb.'-v Lord Broadwater's ines-iage wil« to bo 
tloliveted. 

Feuling his way fnrw.vni, he reaedted sonic 
stairs and licgnri to nsirud them. Up enijH-d 
his way np, Ondiug Ural (he buiij? were 
Lure bciieatb his ahoe.s, and so roniB tn a 
londing. Ttiere lie veiilureJ to strike a 
mutch. 

Opposite him, ucrciss llur dingy l^mling, the 
wnlla of which had bewu striupeil of [niiu'c. 
WBS a dour, iuhI bo ti’acbed lliii door ns his 
Inutrh Weul uul. 

Hb U'jrd It and opemed it. and .unntibiidy 
8}H>ka. 

" Qhi fa f(i? '* It woe niiajim'd out in one 
rapid sUnviito of jnitied syllaMc*. 

■■ I'm looking for KmiJc lierauH," said 
Jimmy, quietly. " I'm from England." 

•' I_ SIM'." The reply was in carefully 
oimiiciuted Engli^. " You arc ul Uie d'lor, 
eiiT I eiiniiDt see you." 

“ Ves," htiid Jimmy; nnd found bis brain 
sncldeoly mfieii nitii hidcinia nrevLiim. As 
he spoke Tio di npped on his race, mid tlie 
gunoaol tliat bximcit in the endoied spiuw 
of tlic WMim buried itself in tho wood of tho 
door, wliilo Jinuiiy went foncard cru his 
haiHls and knees lu fust as be ooatd. 

Tboro WHS Br click. An electric lamp 
f1d>iboil. Jimmy canto in that lump lisla- 
hended. Ue pipicbed abovu it, and the pancli 
gob home femcinualy. There was a ga^. 
KmiiBliiing mooned and stirred, . . . 

Electric lamp (Iropne<|. Durknoss cams 
<Iown on that riwm o! uurk things. A KcuIIIe 
pcor Jimmy’s feet. A swift guess that his 
mou groped fur a dropped gun. Jminiy 
stoo{uul. grappled suniclKiily, ptmclied ngsin. 

Then, uiriiiiig. he tri|jp(>il aernss tlml ■•^icli 
inoauied atuJ came full lenglli boMtle it. 

Tlie niouniiig thing epoke in a rhifling, 

dying wliiaper. 

•’ 1 am . . . OerauU. . . . Tliey found loc- 
No use. TnO late. Jacriuea Itcrnud . . . 

..." A curiiiiis sound rearbed 

Jintiny's eara. Had be ever trodden u battb-- 
ticid he would liHS'c known its awful sigiiiG- 



SCOOPS-- Marrli 10, IWl 



Secret Service Adventures in the Underworld of Paris 



cniLi;ek Kmik UcrBult wocM mvcr speak 

mail will) sliiin GenmH, the 
man «ho wouUI have killed Jimmy, v,ai at 
the door, Jimmy h»i J liie quick scuffle of 
Ilia feet and rcahsi'd (list he, loo, had brnid 
uliat <3«ranlt Imd breatiii'd viUi Uin lart 
breath he drew on earth. 

lu the ilarkneu Jitninr went lilondering 
towards the door, iln cannoned a wall, 
gropwl fmoUcally sideways. I'eet were 
sounding on the bare stairs— earaping feet; 
anil the man who owned those esrajHiig feet 
hues the name am] address of <lBi-<)ue« 
liemnd. 

Jimniy'n hand Looclird the diair jamb, and 
he puHod himself wTund 'A and cnine to tti« 
landiug. Ub descent of thn stairs was ri.'ck- 
Ivsa and fast. Ho elid down the baliistrude. 
Ho gained yards on his mou by this 
manteuvre — yards and yards— and us tlie 
fellow bolted into the conijaralive light of 
the nlrecl, Jimmy saw hbn and naw whicli 
woy he limied. 

Irrom (liut moment tlicio waa only one end 
to Hio cliiise, for .lininiy’s sprinting powers 
wera of a high older. Into a juirww .■'Ilsy 
dived the fugitive, and after him canto 
Jiminv. In the alley tho m<in turned at hay, 
I'lwe I’vid, lijjs wet, eyes gleaTiliilg. 

Jimmy saw tho quick devil sheen of st«H. 
Ho saw a hard elouelicJ ham! sweep up. Ur 
i,hedi«l and jumped backwarils. 'llie wicked 
stub niisaeil. and Jiinmy bit bis man fliiali in 
this'utoiUli mid akiltlwl him to liie brick work 
of the walk Befnre he i>ouId lever Iiiniself 
from it Jiinmy hit him again, and (he buttle 
was won and lost. 



A shmp downward treud of Jimmy’s right 
loot snapped the knifu at its hilt ns it lay on 
the stones. Jitnray got the man by llio collar 
and shook him. 

“You talk English,” be aatd. "Don't 
deny it, or I'll blister yoo so Hint ymiv 
friends wen't know you. Your lot got hold 
of a friend of mine fu-day, Where is ha! " 

"Wliat lot?" asked the uiRii. " This is 
ILU insiill mutt outrageous.” 

" It'll hfi more outrag.mm i«i a cunplc of 
Aeaonds,” add Jimmy gninly. " Speak np.” 

A menneing fiat hovered nncomfortably near 
tile man’s already daiiuged face. He looked 
sulien fir a momeat, then spoke with reluct. 

" Wo hold him a jtritaner in a house iu 
the Rue de Dousi. I can take you tlicie if 
you wish. Bot 1 sra wilting to warn you 
that the house ia not empty." 

” It will lie when I’m dona," aid Jimmy, 
cheerily. " Lead on, Macduff. T rlon’l tiiiiik 
tlmt'a light, but it means llic saoir." 

Tlia man tend nmfiJently. .limmy held 
his arm aud (nlketl to him as they walked, 
and what Jimmy talked aheiil was all that 
wonhl happen to his prieuner if llie fellow 
hud lied to him. As the man was a uiurden-r, 
he was girepared to Und , limmy a unirdercr, 
loo, and hn believed nil Jimmy told him. 

They crowed the grnst liiiiik-viiiil,.oovi stir- 
ring on<l shrill with light, mid they rune to 
tlie scni-dsTkiuas of llie Riia de Uoiiai, be- 
hind the boulevard and practically parallel 
with it. 

Tho uuui pointed to a lall hoosc, ahuitered 
and lifeless like all iU kind. 



'• In there,” ha said j iind his eyas glinted . 
tlighfly. Hr added; "And not nloim." 

" I »«. 1 auppoee you're wondering what 
I’m going to do now. eh ? ” 

The i»an longhej. " 1 am willing to watch 
you try," 

Jimmy hithiin. It was a elcnn and wicked 
book on the point, sod the man drojiiird in a 
heap, .limmy bent over him. 11c was out, 
aud likely to be out for some luimiles. 

Jimmy dragged him into tins middle of lha 
road and left him. geessing Hint n policemui 
would find bim and would umlHihly take him 
to tho stati-jn for some kind of micstioning. 

There were moments when Jimmy could 
think very fast indeed. His man had not 
counted on that, 

Then Jimmy went alrai^it np to (he door 
of thesiaistor dark house and nuig (be bell. 

TTra door, he noticed, was a beautiful <Joor. 
like so many in Montmnrire, • splcudid and 
iioblo piav of wood sritb some rather iiioe 
carving on it. So could hone the clung of 
the bell — which waa of the pull variety — 
away b t!>e depths of the bouse ; but nobody, 
answered it. 

Se rang again, and wuitod, aud still there 
was no answer. 

-V jwlicemjin wandered along. He 'iW tho 
downed mun in the read. He saw .Iiinmy 
ood alBTled to quesikm hits. Jimmy said be 
spoke, iia French. He mnnsged to say that, 
lie knew nollnng— in French. Tlie policemsn 
blew a whistle. Aiwther polieamau arrived. . 
A Uai wau brought. Front the veiy front 
of the house the man was whisked nway, 
and Jiinmy breathed ngiun, after liaviiig 
given his name and ludel to (ho police. 

But all tlii.s had caused some commotion. 
The police whistle had Leiai heard. Doors 
openM. .Timmy Inrkod in a sliadow by tho 
buautiful door and waited. 

Tilers was a little rhaller. The taxi hod 
vunislied. Nothing moved iu the strovl. and 
tlinse who bad opened their donrs began to 
close them. 

And llien, jeal as .Timmy was Uei-iding that 
Lis lack was out, tbe beautiful door of Ihs 
sinister liouis was rnuiioasly pulled open a 
foot and a face pccpetl oiU. 

For a single transfixed seivml .liimny 
stared at that fa^ wiiiln the owner of tho 
face, aoeiug him dimly iu ibedurkncrs, etured 
nt him. 

And thus they stood immobilo, roeogiiiabig 
one another, uusblo tn movo from sbetT 
amazoment. 

For (bis wan Baldy. tbe buld-heailei] killer 
whom Jiinmy tiail firet ancountered on the 
lonely aaltuigs of tbe Essex coast. 



•^THE FIGHT ON THE STAIRS 



I T was Baldy right rnongli. Bnt. Jimmy 
muved (Irst and Jimmy moved decisively. 
Ho tempt forward. HU rigtit band went 
nniler Baldy's cfain and got a grip of that 
emootli person's tbruat, a grip which dug 
thamb and finnrs into Caldy's windpipe 
with agunisiug effectivcuoiis and rendered lliQ 
suave tongue ailent. 

Daldy was dragged forward on to the door< 
step, lie tried to hit Jimmy, but the nip 
on nia ttiroat tightened, bis eyes jumped for- 
ward ns though paslicd from belimd, and hU 
tongue Inllfd bwribly. Baldy was as near 
being choked as ever b« had bccu in nil his 
evil life. 

" Listen," hissed Jimmy. “ Is my frioud 
in (here? Nod if he is. I'U have your lifa 
if you don't answer.” 

Bu1dy vontrived to nod. Jimmy Toarhed 
post him and gently puilod the dnnr to witba 
out actually intebing iL Then he dragged 
Ualdy two or three paces up thfl i-trrel and 
into a deep and dark doorway. 

The relentlesa grip on bia threat had r«* 
duced Baldy to belplcsanm and fear. Ho 
sow bimiwlf heina efficieutly and horribly 
strangled in that dork doorway, ami lie jitado 

.March 10, 1934— SCOOPS 




140 



anolhn- sffart to Blrng[tl«*, on i-ffort which 
hrooghl. him » piiacli on tlie udc of the hoiH 
fliab ratUnd him from crown to toe. After 
Ih!4 he solnnitted (o hia fate. 

.limmy rapidly r»n his £toe hand over him 
and found ii gua. Hr put the into bia 
own nockot nndj relaxing hia gnp. lot Haldy 
brcaihi'. irhidi he did in long, st>ubing gasps, 
dot-rlnng at Iris oock the while. 

Tlien ho spoke. Ho bfignn to swear at 
.limiuy. -Tinuay let him liava a Iialf-crm jab 
m the 'plexus, n suid sadden pum-h that 
brought the uinrdcrtng devil half douhlr with 

"rni talking, said Jimmy, "you’re 
iistening and .snswrrine tjuationa. And if 
yoa try and trick me i’ll tnaali you op and 
then hanil yeti over to tlwi police on a charge 
of murder.’* 

" Listen ” •■coblied Baldy. 

"I ihin’t want to. My frieml’a in that 
house, isn’t he?" 

'' Yes, but '■ 

" night," .Timmy ignored (he interrup- 
tion. ’• What ronm is lie in? ’’ 

*' The top room at the back." Baldy speka 
eiiltenly. ’’ At least, he was when I came to 
the door." 

’’ TVhat docs Ihel meauT '* asked Jimmy. 
Baldv heuUted. He had avidently saiil 
jnuro limn be intetided. Jinuny ntercilesaly 
hammered him on the side of the head. He 
could not forget that dyiiie man who crawled 
to his (miignlew door, and he luid no lyn- 
l>athy at- all for Hatily. 

“Give me a chance,’’ sobbed Baldy. 
Don’t keep hiUing me, for lienren’s sake." 
“ r shan’t if you bebuvo. Come cm. Spunk 
up." 

’’ We . . . th^ were going to qiiealion 
him. TImt's all. 'I'wci of them wont up for 
liini as I came to tho door. We'rl iieard the 
police whistle unit we wondered what it miglit 

’’ I see. They think be knows soinclhiog, 
and they want to know wbal it is." 

•' Yes." 

’’ Right. Now I'm going into that houeo, 
HalJv, and — ” 

’• there arc six wen in it ! " gasped Baltly. 
"Tlmi’fl liad Inrk for them." grinned 
Jimmy. "You're coming with me, and in 
ordrr to cpsnro that my entry is anooticed 
you're iming to call ont as we go through tlm 
door, YonHl vaU out to one of your friends 
by luime and tell Iiim n street flsht was tak- 
ing place, that the police Iiave cleaned it up, 
and that everytliing is now O.K. If you 
want t-o apeak Kreuen to him you ran, because 
I esn tallc the Ungnage likn a uative and will 
undcr^land all you say. Move ! " 

The dnzrd &ldy ms propelled into the 
street, never doubting Jimmy's audacious 
elaim to a compicta knowledge of the Prencti 
langTUigr, Tlioy reached tho dH-orsIed door 
of tlie ainistor house, Baldy slepMd la at 
Jiirmy'K side and, a< Jimmy nudged him, 
bo ycUed : ’’ Oeorget! Georges I " 

A voice from somewhere in (be house yelled 
back ; " Comment f” 

" It’s all right," cried Baldy. " A scrap 
in the street. The coppers liave gone.” 

11,^ spoke (ho language of Gic inilcr btnila- 
vards. and Jimmy did not understand a 
single word bu eaiil; but be na able to 
nppreriata the reply of Oeorg«s, which was 
short and easy. " C'ztl ban) " 

Whereupon .Timmy gently pulled Baldy 
bai'kwHids to the dnenstBp oncu morn and 
sacked him as viriously as be lisd eocked the 
slayer of £mile Gevault. 

Ho left Baldy ia the street to be pickeil up 
by the police, and tJius provide tlu-io with a 
dual mystery, and he gently closed the door 
luid stood alone in tho dim light of the rather 
intpoiing and wide entrance passageway. 

it wss na he stood thus tlml he hoard a 
voice. The voice was singiug. At toast, the 
owniT of the voice would probably have liad 
the aiidscity to call it singing. Actually It 
auundod liko an electric tram taking e steep 
curve. It sang a song to a woli-knowc tune, 
a song that was snng when Jimmy was 
piattlmg nurspiy rhymes. 

SCOOP8-<-AfBrrti 10, 1934 



A Bit of Old-Soldier Stuff 




■ing down tire 



stair*, and Jiiuniy enutioasly crept that way. 
n# ascended a storey or two and hepi<ened 
un tha scene of battle. 

A man was sitting auainst the wall on the 
lauding Jimmy rcacnetf. Ho had a faraway 
look Id hU eyes end a dnvk blin* bulge on 
bis jaw. It woe quito obvious that he did 
not know whelUor h« wei in ParU or boring 
a ride on a roundabout. He probably 
gamed it to be tlir Istti 

Anotlier muu canio sta 
stairs holding Tiis head. 

RoiBelhing hutlJed tliraiigh the air ftoai 
above. H was the scat of a ebair. It tMk 
the staggering mte --iih a wickfsl slicing 
movement in the back of the head, and he 
dronpeti like a log. 

There wm tho dimmed Ibnd of booted 
feet on the slnir carpet, 'fhe gun went off 
again. Mr. Bilks’ voice lifted High. iVTiat 
is calb-d u sickening thud reached Jitumy’s 

A iimij rolled right clowa the flight of 
stairs and stopped only bemuse ho reached 
tha bottom, lie ley eprcsd-eagled. 

Wltut Mr. Bilks wes up to .limiiiy did not 
know ; but that he was defmiLely up to 
something woe obviouiL 



diminv piuieu out Baldy's guu and fired 
it Ihre* times in rspid su.'Tissiun UiruHgli 
the ueitiug of the luudiog. 

Instantly the war above ceased lUid war 
beluw Iwgau. Tlio attacker* canie iieU.aiBlI 
down the stair*. Jimmy iiaJ no desire to 
shoot a umn with an antouulic pistol. It is. 
alter all, the wtsapoo of the coward and the 
hired killer. 

There were only Itireo of them, for UIi. 
Bilim bud aiready accounted fnr the other 
three. They saw Jimmy aod came at him. 
But Itelp vraa on Jimmy’s side— help from 
aloft. 

Ho heard a trcmcnduiu aud csulCsnt yell. 

■’ .riM.MY! ■' 

And Mr. Illlks was coming Aiwii the stairs 
swinging a strargo but deadly weapon — 
nothing less than one of the two aliorter 
nietai pans of tho frame of bu iron ted- 
elcad \ 

It was a club of tha most deadly descrip- 
tion. and Jimmy began to iinderalond, lie 
really had hud no need to len.-uc Ml'. Bilk*. 
The'pcoplo who vranted reselling were Mr. 
Bilks’ cAptuis. 

They had a [XTfectly sii-keniag tlmo there 
and them The trou weapon smashed one of 
them to the floor. Jinuny honked the gun 
mail cleanly tn a kaock-oiit before he could 
pull a trigger. I'he third man put up his 
arms nnd sobbed for mercy. 

Mr. Kitks hx>k«d him over. 



fTArn thh Mn<»t4 ttiir i« over, 

UA, how hap/iy } ihnil bt; 

TTAca I pet my crocy c/«fA*s on 
A'o mare totiUe’ing for mr. 

//o more wOkiog ul rttvolly, 

A'o more poinp Aome on pa**, 

Then I'll lell fhe lergiant-mo/nr . . . 

ForUinately. the ringer was never 
iillowed to reach Iho |>ninl wliere be in- 
fonneif the world wlml liv iiitonded to toll 
the scrgeaiii -major. 

There was a ctosIl The \oic« of Mr. 
Bilks ran high. 

" Take that, you wm of a quarter- 
msster-Bergeant ! ' 

A iiowi followet), and Jimmy's eye* 
glewnMi. Mr. Bilks, he was pleased 
to find, was no mswlel prumiier. In- 
doad. he was ubviously proving him. 
sell, to bo the proveebiat bandfui— 
both hands full, iii fart. 

The sounds all esme from uIkivs 



Swinging bM 
deadly mofif 
weapon, MtC> 
lUtka cfl Okt 
rrashinft d0I^ 
the Stairs, 
•• Jimmyt*^ 
he burst atiC< 



141 




plc(uliii|{, tful with his left Imnd he v«rp£ally 
mmerl imck hie right cuff. 

Ttifl mna wreaiuBil. 

Jimmy saiil, " Nt>. tic him up nml tell me 
ail ubout it.” 

ThCT tied their niau up mid Mr. Bilk* 
Ulko(f os they did sti. 

■' Sou set’, when that Freiithy bil me I 
went down. I wu* as near out i»» anylliing, 
Slid couliln’l help mysplf, though 1 icmuiiied 
what tiiey call uoiisciims. I was dvagflctl 
into this lioiisr tjuifk, wiJ I knew tliai I 
coiililiri. do auylhing, wbtit with my head 
uml that. It was wearing » iitiwJer 'at that 
witeil me. I always did swenr liy s bowler.” 

’■ I know,” grinned Jiuiiiiy. ” Well T ” 

■' 1 prcUJidcd I wus right out. and they, 
like inols, put, me into that bedroom up 
there, lu it was lw'> rhoirn, a good dreRsing 
uHb, and an irou lirdstBad. 1 siient ruy time 
tnktint the brtlslend tii b/fs ami pulJing tli« , 
baekii and legs uul of the chairs ... all 
ready for 'em, yon see.” 

.litnnjy noelileil »dmirin;j. Here Was deter- 
ininalioii jilui rowjuivc which he could uppre- 

'■ .\fler a lci>sr of lime, ■« tliey say,” 
i-oiitimiecl .Mr, " Just now, m fact, 

tiiey eame for me, and I came for thorn, BO 
to Bp^k. I iiit, Umt Idighter over there across 
the Jnw with Ibe beilatrnd bit. 'Htera was 
only two oF ’om. and the other titio s'cmteil 
for his pals hotore I could bit hini. But 
while Iio was gone I dragged the dressing 
iidile nut and put it aenuss the (op «f (he 
stairs on its side, und as tiicy came uu I 
pelted 'eni with hits of the bcdstcud siul bits 
ol the cliaira. We had a 6w old time, let 
me tell you. It was worth watching, Then 
you come. W liat do we d<i now ? ' 

■'Bt'uirli tW ullice,” 'Sard Jimmy. 

-\s ilii^ did this he related liis non niivcn- 
iorCT, Tlir house yielded them iiolliiiig It 
luoked to Jimmy, i» fact, as though it had 
hecH hired fuinisJu'd, which, indeed, was tho 
truth. Ill it waa »i> clue to the inystevious 
oij^anisafion against which Utey fought. 

They crept out to tlie atreol. Biddy had 
diaapppaieil— whether into tho hands of the 
jinlic* or whether of his own ari-ord, Jimmy 
did not know. 

'■Viliat du ICC do non ? ” asked Mr. 
Bilks. '• Oo to bed ? " 

•' N’o.” said Jimmy. ” \Vi dwr nut. 
Wo'ro going to the Aremic Koch.” 

■' Wiial’fl Umt J " 

"One Ilf the finest ntroets in Euinjtc,” 
replied Jimmy. “ Come on-” 

.•bad Mr. Bilks, K^lgi/ig lti» rather haf- 
1,'ted bowler hat finiily on his head, talme. 

*warising'"to 

' h'oeb, , 

_ tuis de BoDliigne end ronumed 

lifter the fnnmui* Kce/icli rims ftnm 

the Bltiilr Us the Potte Douiihinc in tha 
wealthiest quarter n£ Parts. 

It is undoubtedly one of the finest 
ihoroughtai'ea iu the world. IJnrd with ln«a 
and gar(Icn!>, it consi>ts of the piileces of thu 
immensely rich. 

On the way Jimmy found a (^ephone booth 
nod looked tip Jacqae.» Ueraiid. lOid -- 
covered that uemhiiimii's 
the Princely tuorouclifare, 

They also called m nt one of lli' BQlli- 
tudinoiis STiiull enfes in » eidu Mrtiet and 
look some refreslintctil, of which they' **rc 
both Imdty in need. 

Thus fnrttflnd, Ihoy went ou. -A taxi 
ih’oppad them at the Ktoiie, anil elitndine in 
tho slwdow of tJic grcftt Arc de TriiimiOift, 
•with the •wonderful cartwhoel-sjiok** of 
rniulK icnoUrin’ from it in oil dirccliona, they 
. _ Utile while. 

Tht» is the point,'' said .Timmy. " Te 
Mr. Berniid a friend or foe? Avus poor 
Oeiwuli trying lo toll mo that Beraiid could 
give m« tl» ijiformaUon 1 came to get, ur 
was he warning mo that Bcrand is a man 
to fear? On t^l depends our nest move." 

142 



The Voice Speaks of Death 

Mr. Bilks was not gifted for Iho deeper 
Ihinkiug. and he made no reply. 

'' W^l chance i*, shall we? ' iwiid Jimmy 
at last. 

'■ Anything you like,” agi'ccd Mr. Bilks. 

They act off. 

TItey found 1ho villa of SlonBieur .lacques 
Beraiid. ft stuod iu a beaiitilnl garden Bur. 
rounded by a white wall iutu which were lot 
a tall pair of maguilicciil oi'iionteiltal iiiciitl 

Tha vill* it«*U was sqonro and jrare while, 
with ftiiwor lioxes at it.s wiiuiows, an<( wftii 
coloured BunWiuds over them — now drawn 
up because of nightfall. The whole lilooo 
was delighifuliy light and ahy Joofeing, 
graceful und del’icinuB, and spoke of imiaenso 
wealth. 

Some show.” Bail! Mr. Bilks. " IK) wc 
ring the bein ' " 

" You hei we do,” agreed Jimmy, and 
walketi up the swocpitig drive, climbed the 



SCIENCE in 
CRIME 
DETECTION 

Scoilaiid Yard can tell you the age of n 
finger-print 

T IIF, age of a finger-print is often of the 
greatest importauce In establishing in- 
ni.icenco or guilt when a innn stands accused 
of a crime — and rosy even ■nienn fife or death 
to H man cliarfcd with murder. 

In a remit t'uuri caae it w»« reiculcd by a 
Sratlind Yard Anaer-priiit Mpi’rl that a 
verv simple metliwi exi'Is for ilrterliiig the 
•age' of a finger-print, and it would Iw posjiWe 
U> identify and tell the age of a print made 
many veara previi-msly, 

■JTie” iwwder wtiicn is applied to finger- 
prints lo bring them out will stick to the 
riiftccfl of a new print, but the old print wiJ] 
bu dry, ttuii the powder ■will not adnero lo it. 

A fresh print cau Im removotl by a duster, 
hut a damii cloth has to lie iiaed to vcaonve a 
stain mark, as Ihu old prints arc icclmically 

The expert from tlio Finger-iuiiit fJrpnrl- 
mclit at S’/itJnii'l TTsed alwi revealed Jliat 
they liave filed at, Ihn Y«rd the fiiiHer-prmt 
iiui.rcssiuna ol half a iniilion people, jntiking 
nhonl five miliion prints in nil. 

lu spite of Uiis it I-s possiMe for the fiugcr- 
priiil men t,t> find ,s print in the rwords i" 
from thirty swonds lo Imlf an luiur. 









Uirec marble steps, and rang the hell. 

A ghiied door withiu wav opened. ’I'he 
broiiae gale without wot* nJsn oriencd. 

A fiiotmaii pcwenled hiiiiBelf amt said 
politely: ” .Vtssi»«rs.^ ” 

1 would like In see Mnn»ieiir Bcmnd, 
wid Jimmy. " Hr won't know my nuiiia. 
hut perii^s you would IcU hint Ibst 
ll'iuBicor Emile IJeraolt reovuu'cnds me.” 

■Thr feoimoa hosiialed a ni’ininiif and flicu 
asked them inside. 

They found tliMiisolvus in a lUBible.-floored 
Itall i« tJw roiJsl of whioli a fountain wiiig 
geaiiy, its wiiU’i- falling into un pvnairienUil 
poud'whcro goldftah fhishod and darted. 

■ITte footman - rctnmeii and condflcted 
theiii to a wliile and gold saluQ is which a 
mnii stood with his Unk to the empty fire- 
plmv lie WS5 a abort md tliicksot niau 
with hUck lair, n clippfd black rnouslacho 
and u hard face. 

•' I am Beraiid,” he vud nbniptly. 
•• MTiol is all this! B- si-ck- Eiiglwli «itli 
n tm«e of accent. 

.Timmy A’-trd as s]i’i’oj'!..Tiflii. 

■■ I have couift from Mon->icnr Rcn.uli, 
said Jirainy. “ Jle .askol me t« leJJ you Ihufe 
you could speak lo Use vritli L-onfi«J>u«.v. 
'rtmt is all. He .said it would be enough.” 
I ace.” Beraiid uli’oked Ws sqnace cliiii 
with a wWtu hand. ” Very rcuiarkable, 
young man. But of wliat jtni T lo siwnkV ” 



“1 believe OeraiiU lliougid you wiuM 
know.” 

•' Hut. I don't," smiled BersiiJ. " This 
visit is, to Bay tbe least of it, rather un- 
usuM. Of a nature very surprtiJng, In fort. 
You send in no names. Yon arciveiate, even 
for Paris. You mailion a genitiuuaii named 
Gerauh.” He paiised. ” I liave never 
liKjird uf Emile (Jerault.” 

This was a facer. Borand was speaking 
ooluily. HU eyes were twinkling slightly, 
HS though he good hnmouredly enjoyed a 
iwlJicr fofJish jtWP. 

Hut (iomnlt— ■’ began Jimmy oucer» 



•' That is it. Now i>erhups yoo will 
plain to me llte matter which took you to “«« 
Mousieuc Oerank — wlmever he might Im. 
'Then I a»y realise whai slight connei-tioti I 
hnve with the bnsinesH.” 

Jimmy hesitated. Hero ini(^t lie a trap. 
Here might be o delicate piace. of panipiog, 
a deaiiv to find out what he himself knew ; 
uml while he hesitated a miracle wu* made 
in the wlula and gold salon of Mousienr 
Jecqnes Anposte Beiwnd. 

The Voice from tlie Void spoke. It spoke 
oot of iiothintraess. U spoke in tolemu, 
rolling loues (bat filled the great ai;a 
beituriful room. 

••‘I'hB m»U9v in quofition, Bcrand, it 
Diwtii atKl the Making of Death.” 

.Mr. Biikit g»sp(^. ” T)je Voice from tbo 

Void! ” It was Ui* first contrihution to the 
argument. 

Uerand l»id stepiicd back ii pace, u‘- ilimif^ 
confronted by some learri'l thing. Hia 
cheeks lad puled slightly, and he Mured 
swiftly about aa if he might «e lliat which 

■poki’.' 

It spoke ygain. 

” Tread carefully, Beraiid . . . carefully. 
Aod rciiii'mber itiat the wages of war >s 
death.” Then it added ; " Y’ou two hunglera 
who halo oolled on this mou, you two wlin 
imagimi tluit I'y fisticuffs .and physical on- 
slaughts y»u enu efferi (hat wlticu 1 aloiia 
can ncconiplisb, bad better leave while you 
are safe; for the whito villa of Muhmcmc 
B oretid is » black sepulchre for oil ih« 
enaniea of Monsieur Beraiid." 

•• I'm off,” Ksid -Mr. Bilks definitely. 

Hu moved towards tbe door. 

"Stop,' rietre, (fiftrtav, Alphorwo . . 
shrieked Bcrand. 

Jimmy followed Mr. Bilks with a rush. 
Tb^ swept into tlm innrble-ftoore.l hull, 

they toro Bort>sa it. Tlicy oaconntered the 
fooinnia luid they bargud him into llin 
founUin among tlm goldfish ; they tore open 
door and bronze pntc, uiid they rsn a<«i)S 
tho flower-beds to ihu Mieet gates. 

Tiicy reachetl tlio beautiful street and they 
ran and ran until tlioy piilind up hreathless 
bDiiealh the Arc dc Triontphe. 

'• That,” said Mr. Bilks, ‘‘ i« wliat T oall 
a go. Jimmy, I'm going 'omc- 1 am, 
strai^it. 'ITioy'va beaten us. Tltuj'vo kilM 
Oenvuit and .silenced him. aatlie saying goes. 
Bend men tell no tales. Let's get to bed and 
sleep on it." 

"1 tbiiik you're right,” agreed , Timmy, 
uud stopped the first taxi that uorae along. 
It swung Ibi'in down to the flpcra district 
nnd their hotel and tfiey rutimi to the bed- 
room witii iu two single beds vhiJi Jimmy 
iuid rented against the lime when lie bcpi-d 
Mr. Bilks »”Uld join him, 

Thev li.vl had a goml day. They lad 
tisvclfed from Trfimlun to Barie, they had 
seen 'bvMh and escape and oiislaught, plus 
Memsieut n>'raiui, and Ifiey fustl bra til the 
Voice fioiti till- Void, But as Jimmy slid 
down tU’ lung velvet slope of sleep ho niado 
lip his niml Umt he bad otii (tuialieu with thu 
wbitn villa in the .\voiiue I'-och. 

Curiously enoiigh, Monsieat Bmi'-l wn» of 
the same npiniciii. 



week's starllfasg Insialmen 

Marcli 10 , 1931 — SCOOPS 



HERE’S A SCOOP 

ForetelHtig th<e Future What would happen— 

AVAVE of intense interost in ilie 
^ tm future is spreeding round tbe world, 
r/ V AliDOBt erary newBfwjMr end poimlar 
pMlDdicol uiid uwg^ne one picks np 
to-d»y cni»i« an artlele ou the fntm-, or hiiH 
*muc i;')mmrnt to make on tlio unonploteil 
rcjdetu of spuca and Ike plniiots. 

v(Wr« um: eonie wko maiutein tkat Intcr- 
l*lar(«lary liavd wUJ n(W l>« * poasibilily; 
olhera are tijitally cerlAiii that sum travel u 



not only a possibility but triU he au acconi* 
ptfklied flirt before many years have pawed, 
Thne nlooo can telL Hoanvkile, it may be 
pood to esercSso our iraaifinBtiuns as to 
what lies iu wait for ibe dariog pioiioeiTi who 
will eadeavouc to wmt Uie sccreu of these 
yut regions. 

A reader write* ; “ The imagiuftlioa is on* 
of th« gi'ostest tscLora in buinan {ntwreas, 
and this, coupled with a acIeiUifir mind, can 
iirodoen resofu whirh, to-day, are only just 
boi^iiniiig to be apparrat. 

” What tbo future can bold can only 
gowaed at by daring antbon suck as will 
appear in tlie pages of Sooors. Evuutualiy 
there will grow up a gencratioo rued to look- 
ing bej-ood the facta of to to consider the 
ptneubtlifiee ot to-nwrrow.” 

We Ireartily eodorw oar roader's dews. 
As ilia sloiy paper of to-morrow we shall 
look into tbe fiilnra with inugSoation, 
bringing to onr aervice oil tbe loiown feots> 



If the 

WORLD 

ran DRY? 



If the Rain Stopped 

A B an instance of the interest oewepapor 
writers are taking in scientific stones of 
i&agiaslwn, Mr. Beverley Nichols, writing 
rwently in the Su"'/oy OkremMf, mod tb* 
aUienco of rain tiad sat free a flight of 
lam'ies. He be^n lo cisaaliae what might 
liup2’vt 'I raiiu'd again. 

There is an H. G. Wells* fanta^ for 
yoo, if you like ! 

Vastriew indnttriea would epring up. 
For encigiee of man 

would be devoted to distilling drinking- 
viHler from the aao. 

Tiiero would Uo plagne and frame. 

Au rnlirelj new system of diet would 
Iwive to bo devi!>ed mr menkiiid. 

The lakes would yield up their secrets, 
end Ua rivers bo turned into highways— 
jwwvided that there wore any peqple sur- 
viving to drive along tkein. 

It ni juA os well to loosen oua's mind 
orcasioo^y by these iro^imaK-a 
exercises, if caly beoaiae I:? doing eo we 
may leara to l>o grateful for so nmuy 
tilings which, la the ordinary comae of 
affairs, we take for grutted. 

When the Sun Went Out 

C OKTINOINO lii* flight of fondes Mr. 

Ni'kole next imagioed tbat instead of 
tbs ihrys bantling to leortben after 
IJccenitier 22nd they Iwgan to slwrtrn uutil 
the wtirld was plunged »«to jwrpoUiai dark- 

"*=»■ , . . 

What a atroBse race of bemg* would 
then ueoplo the -woridl (wrote Mi. 
Niehofi). 

Wliat inveulivo oner^es wonld no 
ilircclcd towards tbs formation of arii- 
liciat sonal 

And how cnnniis and arvhaie woulil 
sniind, to our descendants, the faistories 
of mankind to-day. 

AVe shiiuld appear as god.s to them, 
moving in a divine oflulgence whidi was 
{lerjHitjnUy renewed. 

Acd »U U>e more iaexplimble to them 
would Mcm llie strife, the discord, and 

SCOOPS— March 10, 19M 



the poverty which we liad vbwen. wlicn 
all we lud'to do was to lie back and bask 
in God’s sonlight, 

1 alncerdy bupe that mdtbcv of tliMO 
fancies is likely lo be subslaiilintcd. 

Bot the nrdenct- will agieu that wa 
hove luid B fair foretaste of the first, and 
the fog.«]iok«d townaman will smee that 
he can, nt loosl, imagine the aavent of 
the aooond. 

Motoring*s Jubilee 

ff marks the dubilee of Motoring. 

is jost fifty ycara ago since a 
German engineer, CottiiOb Bsimler. applied 
for a patent for a patrol eiigine with s spark 
ignition and lha rights of hb enguio were 
bonght by a Biituh firm. 

Rfly ycors ago . . . and bow there nee 
over wo million motor vehicles tcavelUiig 
Ibe roods ot BtUaln eveiy day. 

Tbe B.A.C. Bally, which wo dosciiba in 
B special article on page 138, will do much to 
abew the progress that has been mude since 
the dim sees wbon those atrange old crocks 
made them way in a series of joiom aud 
jerks behiud a man carrying s red flsg. 

Racing Thrills 
for Britain 

T he entry lot for the R-A.C. Bail/ was 
Sniitcd to 400 cars, mid bad to be claoed 
weeks bofore the coenpetHioa. Unodredk of 
ear owners hod their appiiiatioM turned 
down. *niis record entry is a sign of llio 
growing interest in motor sport in Great 
Britain. 

It only nKpiires one or two go^ road rori'S 
in th'is Voiinlry, and Brliaiu will bo able to 
provide motoring epoit m good M, if not 
better fTian, Hint of tbe Continent. 

And road racing is coining. 

Thh year the nral road rare ever held on 
tbe mofniand of Britain inny take place in 

'j^o scitemo has hecn made possible by Ibo 
efforts of the Brighton end Hove Miitor Clnb, 
in coepomtioa wilfi the Xlotels A».wwi*tian, 
uiid tlic plans only nwait Parliamentary sane- 

A section of the town, ixivoring a tronrss of 
miles, with llie Aqnariinn corner m the 



S ’ ■ n Goiincil already has power to 
of the proposed conrao, and if 
the necessary Bill cau bo passed ihnuigh 
Pariiaincnt tens of thoosands of xpecMitors 
mny see the first road race In Britain from the 
natural gramlnand «i th* ftlodcira Brive. 

Race for a Butterfly 

T rie urge of adivnluru end comjriNt is 
not dccid. 

ilei'e's a man — uiil a ScoUnian, loo— 
s)>FJtding ^. 0 (X) in a rare with on .Ameriran 
ac-iefllific e-rpeditkm to discover a new epecies 
of bnlterfly. 

Tba man is hfr. AViliiam MocQiieeu, a ketm 
entomolurat, and wiiun ho heiinl lliat the 
Glillran tioveniuuat was abandoning a pru* 
pured soarch for the butterfly ho stepped ia 
wilh (lie nccesaniy cosh. 

The butterfly Las been seen in ihn Aywn 
territory, akirtiiig Chilean I’atagoniR, and 
the Chilean espraition hopes to beat tbu 
Americau party. 

Bang goM—fo.OOO ! 

Man Takes Wings 

H E’S Miived— thft man who takes wings 
and Siea by means of his own isusctilae 
power! 

At least, hu's nearly arrived. . . . 

Arthur Janenlsrli, a 60 -year-old Oerman, 
i lnims to ■ 
made nf 
himself. 

Witnesses .rspoii that he mounted a craxy 
tower of poles and planks and sprang into 

^nsteaii of crasliiug. he flew tlmmgh the aic 
like a hugs bai. aud then, wlteu ho was tired, 
glided down to earth asuin. 

We may all fly like birds y 



SCOOPS 




18, Heiiiiella Street, {.ondon. VT.C.S. 
Phnuf. Teinfl* Bar 3521. Ex. - 42. 

(« 



s yet. 



Schoolboy Flyers 



T nonnn Brit-nm is baling lieimul in 
Bviatiuu — aho now holds none ot llio 87 
aic rKorde— private enterprise is by uu 
means staguaUng. 



Thb amniner the NorwL-h Asto Club ore 



be held on the nurodroroe during the Imli- 
days, nmi each party will bo gUea a full 
course iu nviation. 

The cost will be £28 per head, nnd Ilia 
syllttbus lias been scut lo all the big schoohi. 

Nona of the boys will be able to obtain 
his flying Mrtificato, for 17 la the muiimiim 
nge for a flyer, 1/at Guy will all bo oldo 
to pass out in tiie " A " flying licence eiiun. 
ana then take out Uie full licence when thoy 
reocli 17, 

Catidiiiig ’em young! 

Sounds So Loud You 
Can*t Hear Them 

T hat IocJcs b crsiQ' eUtement— Imt 
navertlieless it's the coiil tnith. 

There are some sounds so high aud b'lid 
tliat human ears counol hear them. 

This amening fact ha* beon used by n ' 

our euthoi* in a *U)iy which w« ™' 
iiig iu next week's Scoops. 

Tlio luTienlist in (lie Ule strikes a bull, 
but no one ImaTa a sound. A’et the nonml ia 
so great, siicit a Haallng tliunder of noiso, 
that it cBDues houses li> fail, Nelsou'x columa 
to oome tumbling <lowu iu u tiiuusond 
crumbling pieces. ..... 

You'll enjoy “ Tbe real of Death, It • 
a thriller 1 



n publisli- 



143 



In the Depths of the Atlantic lies — 



The WORLD of 




VAPOUR 

£AUGHT IN THE VORTEX of a whirl' 

^ pool and hurled to the bed of the 
AUanclCt to a strange region of Red 
Milt, a terrifying World of Vapour 



^WHIRLPOOL OF THE DEPTHS 



March 10, 1934— >SCOOP6 



T il R jtrfat khetl of afiimnm'iug met.'kl wn>< 
elowly tiiwortK} tlip ^litnipy 

wuvfH of iho AUftntif Ocean. Tlic- 
frointal beitt bc.at, ilown upon it . 
tewmbluil a glillci’ing l-all of .sih-c 
lu a pdfi^mptc screen («vo men 
IneKle licr walclicrl the descent, 

"Dick," mused oilo of then, a middle- 
aged man with keen grey eyes and Idgh, 
Bcliolarly forehead, " 1 c4ui hardly I'uaiisu 
lliat at J«»t we' TO stHrted. In a few more 
zniiintiw we rIuiII know whnt Kes a mile 
hcuoaUi the sea." 

Dick UangtT amilnl hack at Iho older 
lie knew that Sir Inn Forsyth had 
pluoning for this ffiuuxuit for monlliT, cvi'.i 

Tfib twBtity-foot sphete, icntaininB many 
of Forajili’s own iiiveiitkma, wna the reoIUa- 
tion of a life’s ambition. In it he Imped to 
penelmte far brnimtli tbo Atlantic Ocmii for 
ihe purpose of invftslignling the Inminous 
fauna at unknnwn depths, 

Tu this end 'he liad nqnippis] Ute sphere 
with disintegrating neutron rays. The slreaia 
of bruken-up ulonut forming Ihe myi could Ik> 
dii'eded upon the water from :uiy point un 
the Kurfaco nt the sphere. When uol in nan 
mbiutc w.atcr-tiglil melsl ioeers protected tlio 
ray outli'ts, 

Allemmiiig willi lhe‘(0 were other holes, 
much larger in diameter oud likewise pro- 
tected from the sen by metnl cfiveYs. Tlieso 
were tliu oiitlels for Iho eonipresAcd air tnlwMi 
by the use of whirli tlie sphere could foixe its 
•ww to the Rurfafe again. 

Tho Infrlcate nmohmery necessary to pie- 
docQ the imiitron rays and compressed air, 
(ogellier with tbo 04^en apparatus ami 
oleidric gcncrattirs, wushoused m the base of 
tha apbei'e. 

TIio steel shell Ijod bcMi constnicted over 
A foot, in tbiitkiicbs iu oidci to reat&l (he prea- 
snra of lliu watci at great depths. In the 
aide was u sniall, perfectly filling door, the 
only ekit. 

liuilt ill .Sir Ian Porsrtli's laboratory in 
ie luul keen inii>[)eil aboard the 
RtBfttfk. A spei'ial liuld bad been con- 
stnuiml to cnhiiro tlist the delicate instm- 
meiits it, ciinliiiued shnuld 1-,^ unh-irtned 
doriiig lha voyago. 

Now, after mrmtlts of ni'cp''‘»rton, tlie 
IlfKarch had rcaclied her tleslination, some 
two hnndred miles north of the West Inili.>, 
and llifi GXpcrijucut had begun, 

>'or a few seconds only tiie sphere reuioiiw^l 
al>ove lire siirfacej then, as it disapiKnred, 
noihiug but a awiri of angry, all-cugulflng 
water ni, irked tlio spot nlirie it hail been. 

Tile two iiieji inside stotul tense, eyen HxikI 
on the din] mailings of tiie vunous inelm- 

Hicnts. 

" lieitci- switch on ilm nenfrna iwvs,” said 
Forsyth after it 'iniuw-iit or two. " We imiet 
sink rpiicher thoii this if we arc to retnni 
to the litaeoich before nighlfnll," 

Rniigor tnilled a lever ami tins radal floor 
begun to vibrslo. ,i powerful liumniiug n-'to 



rcacbcil their ears. The devasUiitig stream 
of energised iicalrona iToalicd into the water 
beneath splitliiig up ibe molecules into a 
loyrUd atoms. 

A gasemia spai-e opened ujp benentb the 
spliere. .‘Vnd into tins it slid, by virtue of 
gravity and the weight of water above, 

Down, ever downwards it bisslcd its way, 
mitil Hanger, standing before the depth Indi- 
cator, called nut, " Sis luuidred falhoros." 

For*j-th did not reply. He wos too pre- 
occupied in peering through Iho porisenpe nl. 
tho ipieer, iununous finh which alxiuiuieri at 
fiat depth. 

Slowly ihc iinilratnv needlo i lept round l« 
tha eight hnndreil fntlimns iiiiirk — uearly a 
liiila bencatli the surface — and the creatiires 
beiwmB few«- ill number. The presnire at 
this depth was even too great fui the tliirk 
Inidies of the deeii sea lit;n. 

"Amaring! .Amn/ing, Iltingrr." beamed 
ForByib. " Tlio luiiiiiion* scmdionn from 
some of tJus Iviomi 1 have seen are remark- 
ably iivferpJiting.'' 

lie hud bitrdiy siiokcii (he words when Die 
sphere liegan suddenly to cock from side to 
ndfi witli u swaying niovement whiiJi Ranger 
at the contuils was uuahle tu romH.i. 

Tho scieutLst’s high forehead imcltercd into 

" Str.nige,'’ he niiitlflr«l; " wn mnst have 
slii^k soiiTfl powcrfnl imdersea lUiTent." 

■' It’s getting wone/' sabl Hauger nu' 



easily. " I'll put her at full th.'iUIe w.J 
see if we can m-t clear." 

He swung llm lever, hat with llie ia- 
rrnased speed the sphere rooked still moro 

l>ei'iloosly. 

A monienl. later ttie iinsocn daiignr Kuthered 
the steel shell into its dutches as i.hough it 
had been a csrli, for it wna a giganlic whirl- 
pool which had orisou— a swirling pillar of 
wtttei^from tha depths of Uio Atlantic ! 

With white face and staring eyea Forsyth 
saw Uio green-black water swirl overliead at 
an alarming rate. Rsiiupr managed to vwitrli 
off (he eoinprcaseil airT«fare bo was thrown 
heavily against tlw metal shell. 

Now, fauttht- in tlio «v.irl of water, eba 
sphere began to spin at as cver-in.-miiaiiig 
jijici-d. 

Sty God ! ” cried Foiwytb. Ho had been 
tom away from the psriaeojio and wns claw- 
ing at the smooth metnl of tlio side in nn 
nllcmpt to kesi) hi* feet-, " tinless a miracle 
happens Ihi* is thu end." 

The yomiger tuun notided mutely. 

The sphcip wus rotating at an evor-inenMS- 
iiig speed. Instruments wore flung about. 

Tho dial of lha_ pri-sHara gauge hurled 
acsvias tho chamber aud struck the sriontist 
II glancing bbw on the foreJiead. He dropped 
like a log. 

Attenipting to stoggi-r aiTOta to hiio. 
Banger was thrown liviid finl against i).u 
side of the v(*».tcl. 



Wonders of the Red Mist 




Tticn ilic 1 iu llie r 

of tlic (ilgantic »liir!]x:ul! C=j>iimm|: msdl.v, 
il wcnl liurtling (OW«id& t>ii! of lU<' 

Allnntic Ovcao oMfly Ihri'c Diilrt lii'lo*. 

”‘'"*‘devTl‘beast 

UNDERSEA WORLD 

W UKN' Uicji liungrr rocoven'd roiMtiiius- 
ness his first impresFiicrn was that of o» 
inrtiisu who which racked bis whole l>ody. 

lie opened his eyes fearfully. The in- 
terior 01 the luetal ball wos in a diroitic ststo 
of disorder. Mrttd lay ererywliero, fwiste<i 
and bent in idmotk coiifnsiou. Seirsitivi! in- 
t.tmmeu1.s were irreparubly lUmaged. 

Tic pnaaed his huud daredly aonwa bis fure- 
liead. Itow loitt( iiml he been unoonsciolis ? 
\Vhere had the spliare oome to real? Sir 
luj — whore wa» he? 

The yuiuig mm icased amiind, and then 
saw that Forsyth lay directly Itcliind him. 
ilf was blecditijt from a cut in his foj'elieatl, 
but his heavy breathing told Ranger that 
the idectist .wiis still alive. 

Shakily, Ranger dragged lilinsdf to bis 
/get and' moved towarda the neriscope. 

Ho gazed into the screen, aiul Inimeutatcly 
bis eyes widened ia ainazemcnt. 

He was jpulug through water, hut tlio 
lower half uf thesphei e was not in Iha water, 
ft was cnvelnjied by a red iiiisl, beneath 
Vih'ch was nolid roclc. 

JTo gazod curkaudy nt the mlrt for Bomn 
iii.imeiiUi before he realised that it was 
vapour vrhirli Iny over l.lie ocean bed, stUl 
several lliouHands of feet below. 

A vaporous legiou four miles beneath the 

It was irathiiikolde. It was faiitaatic. \ft 
rt. was imdoBbiodly tliero— a crimsou 
spi'ead over the imUotn of tlio Atlaiilj'' 
Oiciui, a vapour which evidently tmil tiio 
iiower to repel wslev ! 

Hunger ilkmbsscd these arnwreirtly ridicu- 
lous tliooghu from his mind aud turned tiis 
attontinu to the concrete rualities about him. 
He realised that since ouly half of the 



the vapour it mu-vt obviously 
h'sve come to rest oi>on scmelhing solid ten 
feat or so twncath the surface. - 
Bvidunlly they were resting on tlsc samniit 
Ilf some rocky prominence rising from the 
bed of the AUaiUtc. If this were so, the 
steel door u the lower Imlf uf the sphere^ 
woold open diiooUy into lluj ted aUuosphcn-, 
'• Qticstirqi is,” rnnttered lUngcr, '• is the 
stnH hreathableT -ire we fiu'cd with the 
allernntive of starving tn death in here or 
opening the door anil iieing suflecated i " 

■' Neitlirr, 1 hope,” replied a voice at hut 
elbow. ■' Have you tried the MirtroJs, 
Hanger? ” • 

•• Why, sir ! ” ciicd Rnnger inmiiig lonud 
in surprise. “ 1 didn’t know you'd cornn to. 
Art! you feeling all right? ” 

The scientist smiled ruefully. ” A bit 
1 pass. Where 






grog^ ^rhhps. But i 

•' tloodness knows,” said Hanxer. 
lake * lotik in that periscofte whilst 
tlio fontrvilt-. Then perliaps you cun tell mu 
whether I’m dreamiliR or not.” 

The older iiiiio peered inlu the periscope 
screon, nnd Dirk smilK*! grimly m he saw the 
look oi' astoniislmient on the other’s lace. 

'rhen, lomiiig his atlenUon to the nsasa of 
iwisted machinery, hr set to work. Five 
iiiinnte.s kter hr glanced Dp triumpbuiilly. 
■' Wo’re in luck. All the mnchinery is tin- 
harmed,” ho cried tsritedly. ''SIkiH 1 
switch <in the compressed air nnd iiwnamwo 
liei- frw of the va^nr? " 

li'oreyth lirraad away from dm pflriscojxi 
and lookeil at Banger ihonyjhtfnUy. 

'■ Y<m'r« stir* we can ns* whenever wv 
went? ” hr asked. 

'■ Yea. There's iiotbing wrong with the 
uiBchiuery itself. Of .sinree, the gyroacope ia 
smashed.” he ailded, looking ruefully at a 
tangled heap of metal on llic floor, " hut f 
think we can keep her on all even keel. Any- 
way, we shall have to tisk it.” 

A faint flush crept into the ncieiilisl's waii 
cheelB. " If whut you say is right," he said 
•lowly, •’ we can afloid to lake our time be- 
fore setting off again. Mranwhite. I propose 
we eaplore these vaporous reginiis. ' 

■■ Explore? " 

"Why not? If this vaponr is hreatbabh' 
what is lo prevent us leaving the sphere nnd 
de'ivnding on to the ocean bed holow? ” 
There was an cveited gleam iu Runuct'.s 
eyca as l<ir Jau began to operate tbo'mechiui- 



SCOOPS-— March 10, 1931 



0 reddisli, inert. 



ism vvhicli wonlil ciiablt that tiWO-f'Jut door 
of steel to he opened. 

In less than half a minute it was done, and 
a thin strearii of the rwl vapour came wrontit- 

*^ho scientist smelt it cautkmsly ond tlino, 
f.seHog no ill effect*, inheled deeply. Hanger 
»lid likewise, mid each looked at the ofiiec 
triumphantly. 

The gus was harmlm! 

•' Must I>r rompotied of Sf 
ga* capable of repelling v . . 

ayth. " Anyway Uiem’s enough oxygen BUSteil 
with it lo support life. Here goes.” 

He opened the door wider and Uie vn/ioup 
bowed iiiH-hc kinl into the apiiofe. 

LeiiniiiB out Forsyth looked about him and 
saw si, once why they had come U> rest in 
such a jii'nuliai- position. Tbo sphere wav 
cnpfwd m o slight depression on the peak of 
a miiunlflin, which reached to within ten feub 
of the juncture of vapour nnd wntor, 

But for this dicy would aamr^ly imvo 
found tliemvelvcB on the oeoan bed itsulf nnd 
well out of the water, with no possible chaiion 
of regaining tiw eurfmv. As it wea. il would 
bo an eaisy matter to leave the sphere and t‘< 
climb down the sides of the mouiilnin on to 
liiR lied of Uie ocesn. 

Both men stepped out nnd stood for a 
moment gaiJng down the rocky sloties In the 
black gnmnii far below. Ibem 

stretched tiie ted vapour, transparent in spif« 
of its coluuriug. Away in the diatauco rose 
other rocky eminences. 

Pkkiue their way carefully, ihoy de- 
srendnl the luuunUiii, the top of which was 
worn smooth na if the sea had swiiioil about 
it recently. I..owcr down, tufU of black 
TOgctalion not unlike long. cOBr»u graw 
spriioled here and there. 

Half ou hour Inter, as they drew iieew to 
tlie ncEan b^, they were able to see that the 
black vegetation covered lunst of the ground. 

Here aud there grew euornions trees, many 
of them ihrrr hundred feet high, with long 
ficiider tiiinks and covered with a weah.li of 
purpliah-recl foliage. Tlie Ic.tves w«rn tliick 
and fleshy anil |»ve foidh a peiniliar scent 
tlmt the two men had noted ou leaving thu 

*"I'vo au idea, Ronger," mnsnd Forsyth, 
" that this atmospliori; ia a naluml miatuto 
of ga-sea which has oozed up from fur witliiu 
tho EurtU’e mist Ihroiigliout the ages. 
Miuulo tinanliiies of such a vapour miglit 
luisiiv, force tlieir way up into onr own at- 
inospbere to b» iinmedialcly disjieni>d and 
llicrofore imdetertcd. But hero, irapiwd by 
the sea, soch a gos lifts prohnbly been able to 
Mcumulolo for thousands of years." 

As tlioy went on tiioy saw a spoi. on tho 
ocean beif, perhaps a quarter of a inilo away, 
where a blinding beam of light ahmiu 
directly opwarde towards the water. It 
was reflected is a Bnml of ladisnce down 
agaiii loward.v th« ground. 

•• Very clever,” muUored Fareylli. " Sea 
the idea, Dick? Tim jniu-tnro of sator and 
vapour foinis an eaoellent mirror which re- 
fli-cts the rar*. H begins to look m lUongli 
we slisll fmii intelligent bciug.s down here.'' 
Haiiffcr noddl'd and poiiitml to the left.. 

'■ Wluit do you make tJwl out lo he, sir?’* 
he iiinnimd. “ Ixilra like a colony of iiix 
ycrtetl metftl ccme»." 

They climhod dims to tlie foot of the 
tnouiilahi snti thou wulkml towurds lh« qnufii- 
struct urea. 

In sluijio lliey rescinlili'd iiiverlcil cones, 
each ten feel high and perhops Uiiriy feel in 
ilieuicter. and thev were construcbid of ehim- 
meriiig blue nietel, One or (wo liad toppled 
over oa tbuir side* revealing the circular 
roofs lo bo honeyi'omlwd with Iho milrniiccu 
to email paixagt*'. 

•• They seem i<> be dwclliiigv of vjmc 
kimi." said Fnreytli quickly. 

" Evidently Htn creatorcs Umt use Iheiq 
enter from the top. Womler'wlwt vift of 
twing is vpspoiiftibln for those ^lraIItls of ucl- 
wovk over there? ” 

Ranger shook hw lieni at he g.u*d at 
dozens of liiick, black, gmoniy tminih whicli 



Caught in the Webs of the Devil Beasts 




lUM rescue yorsyili snd togcUter khey . . . 

HU mlmT .iccmotk to enaji. He Mi la ili« 
giound. 

1^-FOOD FOR THE SPIOERS 



I T srcmpd only • mallar of sc^mls before 

aiad be^'on le /uuriiuii agaij). Ju 

iTality it most hnve lieeu many lleuis, ’ ~ 



c numv sitiK 

eitber s-l.lo <■! 



At nrst Lo thought ho vta luspcnitoil l>y 
To{>n B few yards Bhova the tinovru flour ol 
» phoepbor^oenl enyem. His anus wore out- 
streiefM on either sfds of him as llwugli ho 
vers being cnicifled. 

Vst he frit 110 dbcomf<>rt otliw Ihnn rx- 
Ireme cold. The tcmperalore, he estunatrd. 
moU lie well beiow sera. 

He moved hi» bead slightly Iho brlter t» 
inke stock of his WKiliun, and llieu ultered 
a gasp of astamamnent. 

Klai'Jt strands of some elastic , 
aUnce eilmdfed for Tarda on ei ... . 
liim, ami other straoos interlaced with ihcpr. 
It was this me.'ih wUch was tioIJing him eni- 
pended is mid-air. 

Thou he caught sight of I'onyth siiepcDdcil 
in a simflsr manner ou bis left. 

The two men each formed the contra of u 
huge wsb which Imd been woven round them t 

Tile threads were a.i thick ae twine and 
eli-ong S4 wire, their hold as eSsclive ns tin- 
tputumes of an ootopoa. 

But the two men were not tlie only oecu- 
{4Uls of these ghastly tlrucliireA. Stretch- 
ing away in the distance were oth<r webt. 
iMi'ii of which hthl what had onoo hsen a 
Jifing thing. 

They w«f* lUie lumps of eomn Mllid, gliiii 
nnus auhstiuicn, and one or two iHil! quivervit 
sod trcmliUd as if life were not yot estinci. 
" t by the naaseatiiig odour whicti bung 



Hullo, Hanger!” For- 
ayina vokb eeuoed eerily through the rod 
-.’n-Jur in the nr-.-ern. Seeing that Dick 
niiivod his head be tonitmied eagerly. " Aro 
y.m all cigla! " 

" I'm still alive, if Uist's what yno aosn/' 
replied Dick grimly. *' We seem to he in n 
•ici'if of a uicx*. 1 rackon we'J] be lucky if 
we ever Icsvn this placa alive.” llu tugged 
futilely ut, Ibo blark threads which Wmid 
iiiut. ” Cotifoond it. I'd like to lay my hands 
on one of those spiilers.'' 

•• Kot so fart,” muiwrod Forsyth. '* Wo’vb 
got to think this out calmly. 1 reckon the 
spider creatunss piece us oa a par ivith these 
lumps of matlor around ns. 'I'hb is obviously 
home tort uf cold storage chamber. 1 1 looks 
as though Uiny'vc pU«J us in here along 
with thvwc other things on whiih they piob- 
ably live.” 

Onoh ! Then they intend to eat osT *’ 

‘'It looks like it,” said Forsyth grimly, 
'' nilless wa can escape. What about yoiu* 
jack-knife! tkui you reach itf It mieJil c"t 
iheso slrauds.'' 

Kxertmg all fait streoglh, Bang*r tried to 
force hit right onn down to his pocket, but 
H was oseless. Be could move St only a few 
inchM, sod, as vooa as 2r« rWaxol hii 
iDusclci, it Ikw haek into its original potilioo. 

It's no flood.” hs loutteron, ■’ tho dsru 
stuff is like thick olostic. I'll have u go at 
I'liewing it. ll'll l>r rotten, bnt I might bo 
uWe to get an arm free tfmt way.” 



tectli. Thoa, for the grealor part of an hour, 
lie worked unceaiungly. 

One by *i>o the strands psitod liefure his 
ilelnrmineil oaslanght, anil at last be wm 
nlile to ffce lili light arm ood to reaib his 
biife. 

Opening it with M.i («sCb, he dafdied a 
Irlumpbaal gUnw ricroMal Fursytb niid ibcn 
began slashing at the thrends around him. 

on el fnai of fitjrl jeefe.) 



TJjf revolting trunk of the 
devil bcaat was reaching 
out for Ranker as Forsyth 
brought the metal tube 
crushing down on fts bead, 



atrCtcbccI over and siTOSS the corves, not un> 
Uka huge apidere' webe. , 

*' Duniio," ha iouttcre<l. ‘‘ Ifow about 
poshing ou s bit fiullier. Tbtye's some- 
thing univuuiy about this place,'' 

Sudduuly, ruunding a hillock, Rongw 
pluiilsod osi itoJly at tlir acintist's sleeve. 

'' Dowu, qiuck'. ” bs hissed. 

Both men uronchod dnwn hi the lung black 
grau. '' Something is comine Uiwsrds an,'' 
wluspcred Ranger. *' It's ot^' a lew yards 
away, beliiiid that Idilock. Let's hope it 
doesn't see lu— it's not hunmn.'' 

A coopie of seconds later a sotoid like (be 
dlnkiug of armour rrached them and that a 
grotasque Tiling poused only a few paces 
away. At sight of it both mm inraluntarily 
stiifensd wicfi foathuig. 

It WHS about fonr feel high and it re- 
sembled nolldne BO much <u e huge spider. 

Its body was divided into two parts, ttia 
lower being a soft ahdutuen end the upper 
a kind of rmsty body from which grew six 
ymirs of limbs. 

The foicniost pair was clipped with 
cruel-lookiiig claws which it apparently us«l 
as Imiidfe. The other Rre pain it used for 
locomotton. Suiineanting theKS was a. small 
protuberance covered will) red iiair, In which 
(vero set tan lidleu eyes. unJ an abUrevialed 
trunk somewhat like tliut of an eUpluuit only 
niuci sfiortor. 

The gigsnlie luaecl was an olive-grem 
colour and, most veniarkablc of all, wore a 
vuwring of tbs same blavk, thrend-like gub- 
-stance which lay like e pall over tlis cou« 
huildinn. It wa» evidently of great 
strength for it sarved to support two mcul 
tabes wfn'cfi jangfnd iugeUier aa H walked. 



A eoeend il paused, bi if aensing taCher 
ilion seeing sumo unkiiown presence, tiod 
then crawled fornard with a loaUisoiue, 
crcachi/Jg Movemcul wbii'i euggeeUd n beast 
Halkiag its pray- “ My Ood! Il'-s foining 
lowerd* hre.Tthad Foravtlu Hut even 
lu he monlbod the words Sc realised that, 
liko Kangur, he wiiB paralyeeil witfi terror, 
lielpleu undor the influence of this ioatlisouie 
Tiling. 

hieorer and nearer it come until, » couple 
of feet away, it slopped, ctaivsl «t lbs i»- 
Uiijcn and then etrnlched forth a claw, 
pHOsing it over their bodies 
Rangoc slmdderod. Hic fri-l of that roU, 
claiiuny touch gaivanised I. is mind tniu 
ortivily. 

"Its aa use," he biased, '• irr're aimjiiy 
got to move befora it U U» late. l,el'e tnai* 
B daxh for it. Ready* Now!*' 

Ho apranz up and leapt beck from tl>o 
cro^iue, puUlng tlie scaonlist along with him. 

Tiic iiuuct did not attempt to atop them. 
Instead, ita Iwu daws shot to the tubee at 
its side .and, wliippitig them loose, it pressed 
(ht-iu to iU heed like two tolescopM. 

'■ Come ou ! ** yelled Banger. '“The brute 
will be after ue in a second-'* 

They staggered away in mad haste, but 
they had not lakeu more than lisU a dosan 
etndes when a tearing pain daiied through 
their heads — an i^pmi.ving force wliicb saemm 
to l>o tearing the very cells of their brains 
ajiort. 

‘‘By thunder, it's tliOBe tubes!” aliiieked 
Forsyth. “ Sotno . . sort . . . tif . . . 
ainisler . . . waves . . . wa . . .*' 

HU vMce trailed away aa hia legs collapsed 
Iieneath h^ Ineit he aaok Co Ike ground 
like ooe in a liypwHle trance. 

Ranger alru^ed frantically to telaui Lit 
will [»n'pr. lie wa.a iiuiKw live ioBueaco of 
tliougiil waves, ho realised, viliirh were sap 



Marrh 10, 1031— SCOOPS 



146 





BRITISH INDUSTRIES are Showing us— 

The BRITAIN of 

To-morrow 

The Almost-human Robot : Dyeil Aluminium : Wax that won't burn : Gtoih ma<le 
of Glass : Machine to welijh a signature : Indestructible rollers. Amazing 
inventions that are making a new wonder world. 

Robot Woman Who Sneers! 



.» nnile. 



.Vo/.VvtO' 

»M< <1 Roba. - 



A 30-Mile Shop Window 

G UE.AT Britain J>m hern aliosriuf the 

work! her warn. 

In the Britjsli Indnslnea Fair, at and 
Olympia and tlie Wliite t’ity in 
London, and nl Castle Bromwii''i iu 
Birmin^iBio, slio Ium been Huplaying llio 
lalext nsatuples of British crafisiusnsliip and 
design to bnyers from all ovov tho world. 

Over 2.BOO oxhihitors had tltcli’ goods oa 
show Bt the Fair, ai>d tho giant "shop 
window ” w*s esiiniatod to cover over liiirty 



Freezing by Heating 

W E used to think that noal wasuM-ful only 
M keep the firs soing and for making 
'^oke "a gas ^ SuwEiy joint: Don’t you 

believe it ! 

i favour Ooe exhibit of Ute South .Vlelropolilan Gtt* 
I deiiiriii Company showed Uiat Utera are nearly fifty 
“ uses for the by-prodocls of coal. Hera ai‘u 

A metal some of them _ 

occasional l«d whiA Benzole for jwtrol engineer heavy «il for 
cmld also ha converted into a food safe! Diesel engines; products for dyes, porfumw 
There was a bridge Uble whith could be and exploiiresr preparslions for nim-k- 
transformed into a cloll.ca hm-se. varnahes, dismfo^s an< s- v 

Among the fabrics displtyed was the new septic* i cod Ur ; p.t^ r i sulphui .« 

elastic cloUt-it doesn't civmo or sag-with acid; smmonia ; and bydrochb,— - 

wlurh onr rloUies of the future rony be - - nf , 



Courtenay Pollock, the sculptoi 
talk and sneer. And, of cuor 
cigarette. 

Ultru-modeni fundiurB grow 
nnd at iho White City many 
Wei'S to ba seen. 

Labour-saving devices ahnundi 
wiirtlrohe concealsd ■” ' 



Big baainess was done, and the Fair has 
proved that Britain is still showing her com- 
]>e<it«rs the '■.'ij in progrrr'. and dnvelop- 
ment. In those miles of shop windows rme 
>en i>iany glimpftcs of the world of tc- 



Glass Thread 

A t Olympia the Chemical Industry was 
showing its newest and brightest ideas. 
Dyed alumininm, bright, ^ning metal of 
every eancrivalde colour, was on show. It 
is dye<l by nn electrical process, in which the 
aliiininiuin itself acts as a cathode. 

Wax that won't bum was another advan» 
'nhieh will be used for covering 'wires in 
cables. 

Glass silk— thin tluaads of glass f'T In at 



Some of the htmdr^s of other exhibit* 
that wore telling of the fuluro included : — 

Car-type brakes for baby carriages. 

Pipe mouthpieces that defy the toogliest 
biter. 

Tennis ruckaU Uial cannot warp. 

A refrigerating machine using heat for 
Ireesing purposes ! 

An airtotnntic dish-waslter. 

A 2,000 ti.p. petrol engine. 

A. weighing machine so delicate it can 
weigh a sigualnre. 

Two-thousand-fon power presses. 

Sileot-mnning gears and rollers (hat are 
practically indestructible. 

Glass windows tlisl resist violent shocks. 

Metal-lined plywootl. 



THE WORLD OF VAPOUR 

[Cofl/invfd /rojti previous jiogt) 

Tiie sham blade cut through the tough 
subattLUce slowly but sorely, and soon thn 
few Ihreiui* which still held him wci'e unable 
to support bis weight. 

Hu sank slowly to the graund and, sever- 
ing tho last of ids bonds, he stood with the 
rkeiii of hi^en weh hanging about him. 

In spite of the extreme cold lie was 
drenched with sweat, hut without delay ho 
ntlai'keJ the web ■which held the scientist. 

Several minutes iafer tl»ey were bolli on 
the floor of the cave. 

" .tnd now to find the way out of tiiJa 
•lamed cavorii.” panieii Hanger. " Tlicre 
niusl be an exit furaowhere. Let,’! hear to 
llie loft first. I thought 1 fell a draught 
• fimmg from Ihal direction." 

For some minutes they piried iheir way 
ovei til* it'cky floor, passing under ilosena 
«l the aiiiister web-sunctures which draped 
ibe roof. Soma wei'e tom in the centre, a« 
though the victim had been removcil. " Ixiok, 
Klinger . . . straight ahead ! " bivnthe«l F"i- 
syth oxciteslly. " Some sort of 

Tiiry pwiKod on and found tlmraselvea 
before a wall of solid rock. Built into tho 
focR of this were sotlm glislenina mr-lal steps 
which letl upwards into the darkness. 

.And then uirt of that blackness cMiie a 
umlEed slniving sound ! " Listen ! ” cried 

Forsyth. " What's that J ” 

He Hung himself Cat against llie wall of 
tbs envf, dragging 'Rariger with Iiim. -■As they 
wailed, every nerve tcuse. the slmring sound 
grew louder iiiilil a sinistoc f->nrl Jecimed 
into view from out of Ijio darkness abuvo. 

It was one of the gi^nlic spiders descend- 
ing the nieinl stairs. 

llnuger felt llw grip of_ the wlenliri'* 
fingers upon his arm. “ AVe’ve got to kill 

SCOOPS— March 10, 193* 



that crcziui-e, Dii'k,” he iiissed. " It's our 
death or his." 

Htiiiger nodded grimly. 

The lofttlisojne spider reached the bnilom 
of tliB stairs and stopped nbi-njitly. .A few 
seconds it remained thus, ns if sensing the 
iicames.* of an enemy. 

.At Uia same uisUm ILmga' sprang for- 
w.vrd, brandishing tho jack-knife aloft. 
Before the mniislev couhl move ho brought it 
<lowu with devastating force upiii the small 
pi-nluberance above tiio crusty body, 

'J1iB rreaturo seejned momealarily paralysed 
mid, taking advantage of this. H.inger drove 
his kuife again and again into tho soft body. 

.A greoH, slimy fluid oozed from its wounds. 
Ii. m.vde a fcolde efTntl to clatch Hanger wdth 
its irembUng claws and then, folding them 
t>enealh its body collapsed in a writhing heap 
U]Mm the grouM. 

Ranger gnaed iu horror at hi* handiwork, 
and then passed a tremhjfng hand over his 
forehead. He felt the srieutisl’s lland cn 
his sliouUlei'. " Great work, Dick," he said 

quietly. 

AA'iihout another word they begnn to mount 
Ibc ‘•t.-p-. 

It a Jiffl..'ult task, for the tleps rose 
»he«r. hut it was thv'u only hop* of escape, 
and wiili the stiejigtli bom of dexpeititii/ii 
they stiuggied upward*. Some Arty feet 
bI'Ovc tlie floor oi the ‘.ave tho steps ceased 
abruptly at the eiilrance to a narrow pauBgo 
which led upwards into Uie iwk. 

The Iforc was just suffirieully large to 
admit their bodies nnd. wriggling forward on 
tlwir stonjaciiK, tiiey managed tn work their 
way along. The nhpe heramo sleep'’'' 
pi-ourcssed. 

iTie rock ccawd ainl the passage I'unlinued 
throngli iho. earth until, rnnnding a bend, 
tliey saw an opening only a few feet away 
which led into the Jiglit. 



llenchiug this, they found lliemseivea look- 
ing down upon the block vegetation of tho 
ocean bed. 

They had emerged from one of tlie tunnels 
th<^ had seen in tlia top of the cone-shaped 
structures of blue metsl 1 

I'lose bv, one of tho beams of light reared 
itself iijiwwds, dniziing them with ns bright- 
ness. Oil either side of them stretcheii the 
deserted grass covei'ed plain, dotted Iicro and 
there with the purple tieen. Far away could 
lie aeon a hlnrk speck cutUiiig on tllo top 
of a distent ntnuiitaiQ. 

‘"Tlier* it is!" cried Ranger excitedly. 
" 'J’he sphere! " 

They dropped to tho ground and. seeking 
tho cover of liouldera and rocks whereter 
poaslblo, set oil towards it. 

Bat they had hardly covered a hundred 
yanl* before a faini, draniug sonnd caused 
them to hull and h>ok quceiioningly at one 
nnolher. 

" What’s that?" hissed Forsylh. 

Rung*!' darted his eyes to right and lefi 
like a hunted animal. " Goodness know*," 
he hreulhed, “ I can’t see anythiiig.” 

"I can. Look! Look!’’ Fonyth 
jroiiitcd ahead. 

In the distance, partially olacurctl hy the 
tvfca, wern half a dcai-n bnllet.-sh.Tpifd *lnn> 
tiiver. Tliey moved at a di-<Un(« of about 
twenty feet from the ground. 

OccBsioiially one would nose dire towards 
a smoulh rocky portion of the orunn ired and 
move alung it for a few yai-ds, tlicn visa into 
the vnpiiur again. 

'• Behind here,” Forsylh cried. " Qnich ! 
They’re iifiaUing lids way." 

He jerked Ranger b^nd a rock. 

’I'he iinmming of tlie monsters had swelled 
into a winning cacscendo. They vrere mu>'ti 
nearer now, theix biillincs clearly defined. 

147 



The Fight for the Vapour Ship 



" Why, tliiiy're wiithinrs ! ’* ^aspf^l 
UlQKBT. 

IforuylU iimideii. 

■'Vw, flyiuff niMohioi^ witlioiit wuigi or 
prolwlltr. Tbsy on* Jiot ilrivon ot; thi> 
ninkel |iiiiic-i{i!e rithi'r. tiook nt thi> tmil 
of thick leil ^ Uwy leovt bpliiml.*’ 
ll ocrtiiiuly won rumorkalili*. UnclerDtutth 
the smnll, lorpcilo-EhR]icil body of gltUfriog 
melalj six sebt of wheoU rcvoivni Uftcton- 
ingly. T1 i( 7 won* aiipoiently tl« sole isruix 
ol uiiiVf'.vii'g the machiiifs teth itiroveh the 
vapour ittid over the ground. TVh^n flying, 
two thin stMama of rM srented to fonu just 
iq front of the irheels as it, like n tiiiJt. the 
mnchtucs were laying down their own tread 
brfuf« jwtNsiug over >t. 



* BATTLE IN THE VAPOUR 

T he msrbioBB were now Inrely titty ynrtls 
away, and Ibrongh the I miuparrnt win- 
dows set in the fore of ihe torpedo i««ly the 
two Ronpaoinna could see that each was roii- 
trolled by a single spider creature. 

JuUIng out in front of the inuchraes wevn 
tbraa steel inl’ca olnut six feet lung which 
Icxdcod like guua u( some dcnu-riplion. Noth- 
ing risible isjned from their mouthH yet ihry 
pumteci tuwnrdn (lie ground, and the 
orealnres iusido continually cbaiiged their 
direction, much as oue would use a torch to 
locate u missing object. 

Then for a fmetbn nf s second one of the 
tubes was trained upon Kangar. He gasp(«i 
uut in i^ony and threw his airtus above his 
ItaaJ for instinctive protection. Buring that 
rmpment he had esperieucitd a searing pain. 

The fonliiig was Uiat some dUbolicsl icBu- 
imcs of intecLHe power wa» cteaving throogb 
his brain. It wa.s the same feeling Ke had ex- 
perienced when they had been captnred by 
tho spider cawture. 

Foisylh, sueiiig him sway, histantly flung 
out an arm u»d held him tiglil ugaiusi the 
rock. 

" Wlinl's the malterf* he breathciL 
*■ FeeUng faintf ■’ 

“ Xlune tuhes,” gasped lUnger. “They're 
!ii..uul^ii gun*.’’ 

■' Thonght gun^, eh." uiutiered the 
K'SenUst grimly. “ I’lie same as throe tnbee 
ilicv carry, wily more powerful." 

'rhe mnohinea dorteil hither and thither 
only a few yards away train the rock under 
which tlie two men were hidden. But they 
esLwped deteclum, iiud a few moiacot.s later all 
but one I'f the mnctiincs had passed on, scour- 
ing tlis black vi^etatioii with their ihongbl- 
e guns. The remaining one bad alighted 



>nd Ibiiger 



peer betwcon the wtieeK Aupirrnt!^ .... 
sot was not fanctioniog pn^r^. 

Fuisyth's eya lit up pxaledfy. 

■' Now's oar chance," he htoalhed. "If 
We could uapture tliat marhiiie we could use 
it to regain tlie sphere. 2f sec move from tliia 
snot we're bound l>> be seen Sooner or later. 
Vvliat do yoa say ? " 

Rangor looked towards the machine and at 
the iiuimspL'clicg creature which had its 
liark turned t/. wards Uieni. 

” Il'.H worth trying," he whispered tensely. 
“ Two of us and my knife aliould I* more 
than c match for the beost.” 

iris fingers leapt to his pocket and lie drew 
out the knife. 

Thi^ looked behind them through the 
vapour. Tim other machines were now far 
ill tlie ilistance. With ordinary luck they 
tdsoulli be obla to capture the stnindcd 
niaebiue and oscapo nimesn. 

ITaUiiig until the gigantic insecl luij ad- 
josi^d the Joloot— a matter of a mimite or 
so — they Ufl the .sheltsr of tiie rock and with 
whil« faces aud nerves tnned to the lijghut 
pitch rropt forward over tbs few yards wbiii 
'nparstaJ thorn from the creature, 



Still it M-enied unaware of their uearutes. 
mill Banger was olroady pr>i.<ird On Ids toes 
I'dndy to spHiig when Pnrsyili caught hi* fool 
in a crevice in the ground and .stumbled for- 
ward. 

Immediately the cnsaliire swimg round, 
tmik in the liiLaatian in a Snail, aud whip- 
ping tliR nietat tabes frurn its side raised tbcni 
lo its bead. 

Hut as it did So Banger sprang. t!» foVi-e 
of the impact wrntchiaa the tube* from iis 
grasp. It staggered back a few imicos, then, 
stealing itself on Its (4iin legs. daiU-d forUi 
two uppendagrs and wiapped them lound its 
atlarlur'a br>dy, imprlsoiiliig his amt by his 

Banger wa« iiunyc to move, the idccuigth ot 
those spidery legs was amaxiu|. Be Icicked 
and struggled and cursed, lud it was no use. 
The creature belli him at siicb a dislauee that 
he TOiUd not romli iU« body. 

Banger's eyes opened in terror as he saw 
the malij^mul. cruoi eyes fix on the bare 
fliieh of Ills upper nm sbowing wiiito through 
a rent in his shirt alcsvo. Tlial if intonileil lo 
suck his blood bo liaU nut the sliglilest doiibf. 

JIo fell hia legs sidiaireil in another vice- 
like grip and then llic erratum’s trunk movud 
slowly towards his arm. Orltt'mg Ills iecth 
ho turned bia bond away. 

But tbnt loathsome trunk was eiill some 
six iuc!<e.<i from hU flesh when a nictBl tube 
desceiKled with shattering force upon the 
insecl'a hmd. 

Forsyth, nwlisitig bis rompomonV danger, 
had snatched up one of the metal tliimght- 
wave tubes and, swingiug H abovo bis head 
like a club, bad fatuughl it down niuit the 
loothsoine monster. 

ll relaxed its hold immediatelT and 
crawled hack a few paem,. In a Immilt of 
nervous freram Foriyth raineil i>lo» after 
blow upon iu bcxly. 

Ranger, meanwhile, aJrxnred tbrenleoiiigly 
Avilh Ilia knife and the rreature buiiied still 
further sway, llien it tnrnsd aud scuttleil 
nway into the shelter nf the black vrgetallmi. 

“ Nu nsa following it," snapped Funyth, 
“ Wo haven't time. Into liio mnebine: 
Quick ! " 

They scrambled Ibtougb the liatcbway into 
the control room, pulling ibv hatch lo bi’biad 
them. Ijiuhle weni a number of bandies and 
switches, somo evidputly for operating the 
guns, and others fne coiitroliing the niai hinu 
itself. 

Banger sprang lo a handle which julted 
prominently fai imnl of the tmiwiMreni win- 
dows, n.ud moved it a fraction of sii inch. 

There was a jolt, and uoriiig ont, he saw 
(hot Ibuy were moving slnwly fonrard over 
tlie gi'ound. Then fuUoweJ 



The raacliino careered about, r'lsiiig in (In 
air. running atnug tlie gtound, taming in all 



directions, wliilsi the scientist, nwredsliiig 
the nccessi^ for the dniay yet Lsgrudging 
the iosK oT every precious momc-nl. stood 



ousioosly with Iiis face presoed opaiust one of 
the rear windows. But as yet there was iiu 
sign of ininnit. 

" O.K. ! " yelled Hanger suddenly. "I 
lliiiik I've got the hung of the tidng. Hei-e 
goes!" 

He pullei.l DU a lever, and responding nobly 
the inxcliiiis clinibud sloadiiy iiicu the va{>onr. 

■■ Bear lo the right," ynlled Furayth. 
“ The sphere is about a couple of miles in 
that directicn." 

l.o>avlne twin tieils of crimson ripour 
behind them they rose three hundred tret 
above ihr ocosn bed, and headed rapidly to- 
wnrde the blank S]i^ of the Sphere, 

They had fovesed a util* in this way before 
Forsyth iiuinted wJih <]uivarli>g finger 
through MB rear window. *■ They're after 
HR i " he cried. “ three of them. Thai tren- 
ture must have given llio alarm." 

Ranger, liis face white and drawn, did his 
(test to ouUtcip their pnrauen*, but be was 
nneccustomod to handling tlie queer machine, 
and they wete steadily OYerlianled. 



146 



'j^It> TO use.'' be riiefl. “ never 

By non the foienKisL machhie was only u 
dinseo yards behind. '‘We've got lo," 
siinpped Fiiraylh, " Tlieir guns lire power- 
less. Tlasy are puinling dirertly towards oa 
and wc Itare felt uothiug. It's chvkmK the 
thought wnw* l annol perctmlc the walle «t 
this crnfl. They'll flitri it hard to stop ns." 

Titey wero now only a quarter of a mile 
nway from the moimtain. The sphere ioomed 
like a eilviT suu a ihoasand feel abm-c. 

But Uic fuiinwing maehuios wore being 
ilriven with uniaxing dexterity, aad os 
Hanger llltwl the noee of their own iipwords 
be saw that they weiv cal off. 

Hiivetly shove them were the three spiiler- 
driveii mnrhuica. 

" Try to force a way through,'' hissed For- 
syth. " It's all we ran <Iu. rrrliBT» they 
will give way when they see us hurtling 
towards them.” 

Hsugcr gripned the controls a liUlo tighter. 
Ilia ebiu julUn. A» ho wteiichcd b Irvcr the 
mtn-hine iiwreased 5t» upward aroeleralioo. 
it. shrirfted forward sUei^l towards the 
other three. 

Tlion—^-raab Contr;iiy to Fotuylli’s ex- 
pectations, the tlirtia puraui'i'K had not given 
way aud their own maiblce had nnashed into 
till' oiidst of thcffi. Hanjiei' ami Foraytli wee* 
thrown heavily to one side by the shock of 
tlm first cullisitiu But tliU was fiillowed 
almosl immediatety by another and another. 
Hlrikiag the first machimi a glanriog blow 
they had bounced ofl ii and rienebettad on 
to the nuxt only a few yenls away. 

■I&tred hut otherwise unharmed. Ranger 
apmnK hack to ibo controls and looked nut 
uf the windnw. 

■' Suffering hnnkea ! " In? rrieJ delighlvdly. 

We've disabled 'em. We must have 
crushed into the wheels ou the uiidemde ef 
the body. Anyway one's out of control. Ihe 
other two are rocking unsteadily. (loth ! 
Titey mtiat lie daaiageil loo, they're Ijegjn- 
ning lo drtceoA" 

Tlie barah grating souml n{ m«lsl meeting 
rock reached ilieni a moineiit later. Though 
they could not see it. both knew that one uf 
the niechiues bad craslied inio the rocky 
hiupes at the base of tlir imnmlain. 

^ngrr gazed upwards and. carefully 
manipnbtiing the cuiiUale, managi-d to bring 
the inachiiie to a standstill near the sphere. 
Five niiniilPR latnr thay were safely iuside, 
unit the steel dour slammed firmly inlo place. 

Birth heaved a sigh of rcliuf. 

Oee ! It feeb liko homa in here," 
grinned Dick, 

" Ail tlie aaina w* are not liack yet," re- 
plied Forsyth. •' I-flt'e gel busy. The sooner 
we leave this gbaaily region ibe better.'' 

Banger stepped to the conipreMed air lever 
end wronched it over. The steel alicU 
ijuirered like a living thing, rocked unsteadily 
tor a znouont from side to side, and then 
began to ssceud ponderoasly tlirotigh the 
black water, surrounded by a halo of hnge 
air babbles. 

'Wilbuat gyroscope, pressnre gauge, or 
other iustrumentA they had so means of 
telling whelber they ascended rertically u{>- 
wards or described as ubiiqae course. 

But after a journey of two hoars the sphere 
broke water ncai'ly two miles from the 
Jtuearcii, which, allhougb giving lliHii up 
for dead, bad lemained m the forlorn hope 
that Uity might return. 

Both were ravcmmsly hungry, and over a 
hearty nieel in the capUia’s cabin Furtytb 
related tliulr strange advaiitore. 

•' 1 tell roo, Captain, tul off by three miles 
or more of water is aiiDtlior civilisatiau," he 
concluded impressively. 

•'A world of vapour wbiri has probably 
rvislcd for eoiintlesl ages, and in wliisli a 
groleaqiie insect it siipremri i,ct lu thank 
Ood these ermtum) bnve not yet diioovereil 
a way lo break through tlieir watery prisciu. 
For when that lUy dawns there will begin 
tho mo>l terrible batlla fur 3U{iremai7 (bia 
world iins erer known." 

March 10, 1931— SCOOPS 




A World-Famous Scientist and Inventor Takes you Up into~ 



Pool Profrastn Slater had arrived itul, Sn 
<imr :r, vr h?9 the •Iiild at n 

)i(e'a aioliUon. cluappearing Uc/ora hi* eyes. 
Tba thtee burii:'.;! ;.■<.( uavriUing tm.<Ku- 

K * hiul hrcn Datable lit vtop the proittpiss >■{ 
«btp. Olid after a series of bvealft* 
fiikiu^ iidFPntDres m spare Iia<i foimd thrin- 
selves seariDK the planet Mare^ 

By 

Professor 

A.M. 

LOW, D.Sc. 

-4 (ineer radio mntihine in the deronnutiea*. 
wluch translated any Ungaaj^ into Englieli, 
linil nirked nn a nwesiq^o frnm iJie Rsd 
fViH’W. amt it tad told lie three adventurere 
that their «]>|rmarh had horn seeu und a 
ilutMOy rccepliog prejucred for than. 

KveD ae they hod rrcelveil Uie imaite <rf 
the World id a giant Televlsta marine, 
yellow braitis of light had i»mo icsrrbing op 
into apace f». tltcm. 

JVf^r .^inJ hx/l iariifrjialel.r hern 

struck dawn, t.nt Phillip uemrd to bare 
PBmped the foil force of the deadly rays. The 
fate of hb raihjianions, bowever, hotrifled 

•• Peter ' Pete, uM hoy * ” he sereamrd, 
and alinok the Dnennseioes fi|nue moutiiiug 
tlwse ghasety bhre ffaaier. But there *aa no 

% a arreat of panir, Phillip Tolled his 
Imndkorchij'f into a hall itTid pmsanl it 
ngniTiKt Peter's lipe in an cfforL to estinynbh 
tho name. 

I'lie obN effeot waa to hi&n a hole rleaii 
(hrotifli (ue haiidkeirekief. 



^ IN THE GRIP OF THE 
DEATH RAYS 



A SCIiEitM achned arms Lli« cabin of 
the giant rorket aliip, .lerc/ttnalictu, in 
a ghostly iiixIauMro of Monil. 

Phillip Joyce gave vent to bis terror as ho 
gareil down at his two ccimpsnioii-i lying on 
the floor of the cabin. 

Tile whofe place wu iUled with a aboMly 
yellow line that lit up the faces of all three 
ID a deathly pullvr. But that was not the 
sight (but rHurifiod tiie yoiuig space adveii- 

Out of the moatfaa of his two rompanioss 
were iskuiiig slun bluish Baines, and froni 
the names were rising thin wisps of blade 

Uiicoascioiisly. Pliillip's h.-ind went to )ns 
own moutb. So, ha was alj righr . . . yrt .' 

But Rl. any momeot, he realised, bo might 
also be in the grip of the deadly yellow rays 
from bfars. 

For the JerumrutiVvs was hortiisg towards 
the red planet, and Uie inhabitants of that 
Blr.iBga world wore alive to the feet : worn 
even onir sending out their long beam* nf 
yeilow deiith rays iu an effort, to repel the 
Strange ernfl they ixinsidered on invaikr. 

Not thnl the three 'lumponians were ia* 
Baders. Anything hut that ! None of them 
bad come on this nightmare of a voyage 
from choice. 

PWWip Jojw and hi* Itvo fricitHt. Prtor 
Hamttoy and Victor Btaodish, had boon on* 
joying a jnoli.i-.cyeling lluliihiy whan Vic.'s 
olu novk of a micHino had nuiked out. In 
leareliitig round for a ^nntge they had come 
upon the old shed which hooeed the dreoia 
of Professor SlaVar— the amnsing i^wce ship, 
A<*onaMirwt. 

NworaJly irnioisitivc, the three com- 
panions hud iDve^BRted the straftini machine, 
and whilst insido it a clulusy niuvemcnt of 
Phillip ht^ veleiksed the ascending valve. The 
.feranaiiticBv had gone snuishing emt of the 
abed and hortliiig up into space at a ibousand 
tnifea sn hour. 



AUGHT IN THE DEATH 
'-'RAYS of the Red World, 
with every breath a leaping 
fl^me, every movement a nerve- 
racking agony 

]Iea.v«tB ! He's on fire ’ gasped 
Pluliip. 

Thau he noticed a slwmgc thing .vlintit thi, 
llame. Although il humed the hBrnffterrhief 
like an ordinary flame it seemed to yivs out a 
bright light as wall. In fact, it lit up 0»» 
whole of his face like ao electric torch. 

Rkdiom ! ” Phillip told himself. ■' A 
radium flame I" Ifis mind went back to 
iiit M-'Iiotildays. IlAiIium was mn] ia Lbo 
Irenlmeat of cancer— it ixisscased woiidarfol 
curalivt pnj|»rlics and was n great btesaing 
to mpilica! dcicni e. 

But it could also kill Ihoss who u.•e>l it. 
Many doctors, he rememhered, hiul f».ed » 
slow, Ungsriag denlh thrciogh ailniimhlCTiug 
radium to core proplv. 

Was there in llieso radium lajni whteii 
now flooded the cabin of tha Atrommtieve u. 
hpr.-.Hiig up of that larrihle proce«!i? And 
R.hy bad m nut been affsetsri like his com- 
paiiious’ Peclupa sum« people were not s>, 
SQSceptiliW to radiom as oiburs- 

Thtm, the terror again ! 

Two of thi! mighty yellow wya which luu! 
been sweeping space after their objective 
rested upon the JeranaiUievg again, und tba 
evil effect in the cabin was alamut immedutc. 

Phillip bad to fight for every bveath h« 
took, his breathiDg became stowee and 
slower, and he stuDg^b'd to retain rimicHinn- 
ness. Death was waiting for all three onleas 
something could lie done. But what wtt* 
tbeto to lie done? “ Help! He — * ” The 
words wore rhoknl iu his throat a* ho Mt 
bis face light up. 

He clnppod his hand to wonth and 
felt, a slab of pain shoot across his paiii>. 
Flames were coming from his own mouth 
now! Invoinntarily he. dragged bis hand 
away, and in a misty cloait of hurre,- won- 
dered why the flame cunid bunt his bond like 
that aud yet not burn his lips. He did no*, 
realise that the ilame was actually i-ausctl by 
ills owu brpoth leaving bis inouUi and ixmiin,; 
into contact with tha yellow ray. But tliflogli 
he was sick nnd diszy Phillip felt uo atbci' 
effects. 

Then on idea came (o him f OitC out of the 
pafli of the roy*. rsciipo tlws deadly 
mciwe. . • . 

“ Till* rorkels !” he yelh'd, and Ibr Buihck 
leapt farther from his mouth. 

He staggered over to Ihe .^.l-.i-firing 
apparatus and dragged over another of the 
twenty glnimiug teveis. Once mors there 
was a trcmrodcius roar as the third rocket wss 
fired i again a great sheet of Ramc leuped ODl. 
Tba ahip Uembled sltobtly and plunged up- 
wards with double velocity. 

" Thank heaven,*' multured PbiUiiu 
“Now wo'll escape Iticse deadly rays." 

He was light, for as the rocket fired the 
yelkw glaiu vsnislied from thn cubiu and the 
names Duming in the mouths of nil (lue« 
treat out like sneffed caudles. 



SCOOPS— March 10, 1931 



t48 



The Z Plan of the Red Planet 



■’ Take a locik at ymirM-W." returned 
I’liiUin. as bo Beorched sround fnr the I’r" 

* You look 



The air in titc cabin became nornml again, 

and feeliug like wraeo’ho from whom a Lrn- i , , , . .. v i i . „ 

luoodooa intensive in'csstire hud been removsil jpsitor^a nonk oi note*. lou iMk idopp 
intho speed gf n aucoiid, I’hillit.gav'ea weak an AuBlrulmii Abonguio-aiul you ,? 

• breolhing file and bnmslone just now. 
Ho went over to the asaistanra of l.is two addef ;* Talk 

uncoiisrious comjjanionK. but even as lie d 
no a voice cuDifl thundering into the uabiii 

* ' bollowm^ Wartiaii 



breathing fire and 
added. •* Talk about 

Peter had gone over to Victor wlmi 
Deulh Itavs neared a hit again ! 

The K i’lHii luid lnJt 7uiIeU. The jilan 

„ji compauio«s\a(l first beard for all the Martian rayi to t-onwnlni-- 

when Victor Imd diacovci'od how 
the radio macbme. 

Tlif reenjiuoa u5 the voice was ninrli Ibo 
same as butoro^-aentemM in Kngliah, eon- 
verttid 1>>- the rrufeasor'* iiiatliims boiug 



jumbled up with Martian words ami plimsea. 
But iJmre was su/ncienl ICnglisli for Phillip 



— ... English 

quickly to imdcrataiid what, was hoppeniiig. 

*' The Etirth ship haa moved.’’ ro.ired tlio 
voice. ” It hits taken a sudden Imp . 
dirot tion of . . . Venus . • . thunge isj 



opnrato close ni.wai<l formation, gradniilly iuiwas- 
' until they reuched the ship lu 

iiid iHjw llie AeTmau- 
tiriti was caught again in a far inoi'e iiowcr- 
fol glow of Tftdjuin niya. 

Unable to .stand tho deadly power. I’eier 
gave auotbor choking sob niid fell forward 

ched fraiiti- 



. . the body of Vi 
, . flick and clixxy, I'liillip 

ige CB^. 

m oHRe 'flmiik gfioiliitu he ruuld stand the. m- 

fieavGiia! ■' tbonul.l Phillip. •'They're flnmm of lh» ra.linui. If he went out nil 
coioR to clmsfl us with their rays." Itopo would go. nd gd l„ suck d; got 

'■ Wlmtdo yon nmko rancei” the to lieet these rotten ray*, 

voice again. ■•What? ... Tan Iho.isimJ " Tim IVefessiir's nnlMmok, be sobbed, 
miigmius? -And directionJ . . . Dimet jii f*?"* “fj 

line willi Vei 



? Xftiiig all ’rayViiifo action. Tliere it w.ss, half under tbe body of (>ne- 



ritifiwsor had thouglitfully ptoviJi'd iu ih* 
cabin, could ircaroaly koep hi* bahiiicc. All 
kiutls of evolutions aud tricks of movement 
followed cKvli of llie rooket misa-flre.s, tmd 
apparatus was ilune about, I’cter and Victor 
went sliding over the floor, and for a rauioeiU- 
Poter caiiio round and s.ivainoil niailH. 
A'ictor was dead to everylbing. 

Several mimilea olaphcd before ibo sbip 
came to rights again, but at last slir I'cmme 
aleady. 

Phillip look a deep breath. Hi- wn^ tired 
iMiU hungry, aud roaliBml vaguely ihal nil 
three of Uiein hadn’t eaten for liouve. 

Thera hadn't been thus on this uighlmute 
imirney. But he was feeling ilisliuctly 
better unw. Soinething bud happened— iho 
rays Imd gone. Kvidunlly the buck-firiug 
iockel had thrown the ship out of I heir 
direct linn of coiironirulion. 

Phillip wout over to the obaefv.itiua 
window, and saw the rays smirbmg with iir 
IcnlleM pi'isisleucy. 

Thu mighty finger* pierrii^ through sim'w 
seemed to Phillip to be moving miiro quirkly 
ihim ever in » frantic emlravoiu- to pick up 
the ship. 

’ tho MBrlion value bellowef 



Jlaya una to five will swoop dimet 
Venus, six In ten just bchiiiil hlarili aliip, 
and eleven to kixteru just iu front. Hoy 
uperaborc must iiut let the lilurtb ahiji escape 
tfiis time . . . mid lei llie cmergeiicy iny 
sweep one liuiiclreil culigrams above the ship.” 

The voice stopped niul Phillip's hoart 
Buiik. Wtml could he do now! Would thero 
be aiiv use in filing off another rocket! 

” jfo! Belter wait.” ho decided. 

He went over lo the cabiu window and 
IciokcU out. 

Away ia the distance mlglily yellow heams 
were sweeping apace. He gamed comfort 
from the fniU, lliul the dislanca appealed to 
be great. 

Perhans, after all. the my oporatore would 
not bo able to find the range. 



if FACING DEATH IN SPACE 



•’VOU havo failed again!” The voice 

1 apuke from the radio itiacliine as clear 

” The Knrth ship >» wruping ... all 
. . . coDceiilialB »ys ncroi ding to ... Z 
Ptau.” 

What llm Z Plan was Phillip, of eoorse, 
had uo Idea, but he gazed anxionsly iulo 
space, foaviiig to see the rays reappear. Bnt 
he saw iiothing 

” Theii rotten Z Pluu lias failed, cuiiie 
'em ! '' he s.vid to himself os he went I<ack lo 
hui rnnijmuiona. 

The two roou lying on tbe cabin floor were 
still inoliuiile.w. but a.* lie bent dawn over 
Peter, Phillip tiiougtit liu saw the yomig 
journalist’s eyes flirker. 

Then he gasped. The hands and faOM oi 
his two compnnioiia were brown-ybrown as 
berrio*. They ic 
till they were like Indians, 

•■Here, Peter! Peter!” Phtllij* nmghly 
shook the nnconsciona figure. 



“ON THE AIR" 

In Your Own Home 

Llnkittf up Britain by Radio Telephony: 

ADIO telophouy niuy be used t-> rc- ; 

place iht- lelephona laldea which .'Iretcb 

across estuaries and to Lsland* about thv : 
British Ikies if the present v»iwriinents 
being made by the O.P.O. prove sucrasful. 

Tho first erpcrimrntnl radio servien hus 
been opened acroiis tiio esiuory of tho Hiver 
Severn between Cardiff ami Weston, and it 
has niaila obsolete 45 uiilee of cable going 
imder the river. 

The service ran operate on Ibn ullra-ahort 
waveleiioth of five iiictra* <iti low power, 
luid if the idioi is extended Britain may Imve 
n nnlworfc of radio telephones atiout her 

Tcieplmua auhaeribers will obtain their 
uumbt-re iu the usual wny, but instead <.l 
their voices hoiiig raiTiwl by wirii«, tlioy w ill 
speak by radio, and will be titerully “ on flic 
uir " from llieii own homes. 



Victor, yuickly he dragged it oul. saw in 
a Imlf-glaiico thoso flaraes leaping from the 
lips of liis coinpaiiions, then turned the pages 
of tho liook ill a paiiic-strirken seorch. 

Tlie flames were ut hi* own raoulli os he 
found tho page be sought. 

It was lieoded brioily, ” Ruya," and hod 
the usual smuU, aluiost imintelligible luuid- 
wriUng of Professor Sinter. 

" Uurso him!” yelled Phillip, tlie flninea 
.. lenliinc out of his mouth in the velwiueiiM 
led to have been burnt couldn’t 

” *“ he write so you can uiidfj-sUrvd it, 

” Death Kays . . he read ninud. 
'■ How to— deal with them. It ia likely 
he paused. ” Likely wluit? the old 






eves nnd gMod up vnguely at Fbitbp. 
"‘'Wiat— ? Where — ? ' he gasped. 

'• "rake it easy,” said 1‘hflhp quickly. 

It’s ail right now. The rays liave gone. I 
think ” 

At t.lial moment a yellow glare half 
illuniinateil the cabin for s second again, aud 
Pliillip gazed fearfully nt the cabiu window. 

” Tlio ray* — Uie rays from Jl.ire! ” Petor 
jerked oul the words, and dragged to bU 
feel. ■' Quick, Phillip, the Professor'* Iwok. 
He tells you how to de.nl with them. I 



TIh! voong journalist pasned n hand across 
his Dchmg {orehead. tlicu he laughed a Ultlu 
uneasily. 

Oosii I Have you won yourself Istoly, 
Phillip? ” he said. “ You’ve been aim- 
liatjiing I reckon. Yon look like a bUiuming 
Indian." 



He stopp^ abruptly as the big ship g 
a violent liireh and he looked snxioi. 

Then there came a nninbei of splntioi 
n'liies from under the floor of the cabin. 

To crown llieir misfortune the rockets w 
nuu'firing. 

The .dcrosoxfieas lieg.vn to lim-h Mid 
and the note-iiOok was flnng frvm Ph: 
uraip. lie was hurled ai ioKS the cabiu. 

And mcaimhile llie di-ndly ray.* still held 
the ship in their terrible glare. 

Philfip gave Iiininclf up for lout ' 



i*Pl!il/il/* 



if FIGHTING THE RAYS 



1 Phillip, allbnugh he had mvmgrd to cling 
desperately to a bur of aliuniulum winch tho imt efflvieiit. 



tlirougll till! lomTspcakcr. 

• ” Uperalars, j-ou have lust the Knrili i*'up 

I again. It must be found and destroyeiL’’ 
s Phillip snatched the Professor’s Isiok from 
: the Boor mid qnickly found the i»ge deoliug 
5 wh!i the rays. 

“ Oot to read it,” he luultcriHl to hiniself, 
as he jrtii'ed over the book. Ciii.vlimUy h« 
iiiiiUe out the word*. 

Dvwth Bays. . . . H-<w to deal with them. 
It is likely that the Murliunii. ou olda uud 
probably more sinister pi-njilB tlian lUe Earth 
rut*, will aMempl . . . ilesttoy the ship by 
ray* sent out uirouRli millions of mile* of 
sjMice. My forty year* of study of Mors have 
led me to believe lliis. 

” Onlv oue antidote . . . my autt-railiuin 
ray, for radium is a thing iliey will surely 
USB. . . . Machine No, 7 will do ihi* 
unless all my laborslory exiierimenla have 
been in vuiu. Theca are eU swilchw otv 
the apparatus, and these should l>o pulled 
down one after the other with an interval of 
about three seconds between esich.” 

Phillip read more quickly nuvv. 

•’The iiulUng of the Uisl four sviilche* 
should millify nny radium rays, and the other 
. two will fUl'lliB enbin with toy mixture ■<{ 
nitrogen and the secret chemical 2X. ThU 
laitor mixture should undo any liarm cauned 
by Martiau raj's.” 

*A now iioive in Ida heart, Phillip looked 
around the cabin for the apiMralus itaelf. 

” Where is it! ” he asked himself. 

Than his eyes fell upon a black box, 
fastened witli aluminium screws to a ecirnnr 
of the oahln. It waa cloarly marked in white, 
”Ko:7.” 

Ho wont over to it. and Idod lo upi-u tho 
lid. Bui it woB locked. 

A key? No, Phillip had eerlainly never 
aeon a ktiy unywhere in tiiu cabiu. It wa» 
probably reposing in the pocket, of Professuc 
Slater back on Earth. 

” You’ve got the range again." Tlir Mar- 
tlnn voice roared into the cabin. *’ TraiA 
nil ray* on tlia Z Plan on<* more. We’ll get 
thr Eivrib ship yet. . . . Now that’s hetlei . . , 
all operators concentrating.” 

ninmeutary flusli of yuUuw glare in ths 
oaldii i-oiifiruied I'liillip ’« fears Inst tho ship 
wa.* again couimg into the range of tho death 
lays. He'd got to gel the box open, got to 
get the machine working. A aotlvleu liuiuglit 
came. A screw.drivor. He'd almost fur- 
giitten ull ahunl hi* udvenlures Iwrk tm 
Karlh. He hiiil been molv'r-cyeling, and he 
nlwoj-s carried a luiuiiitnre work-hop in liU 
pocket. Hadn't Peter cr'mplained of Iho 
rattle? 

■ His hand went to hi* pockal. and he drew 
(iiiv a Blrange collection of sircws, uiita. 
ipanuor*. "feelers," n spam plug, and— 
heaven he praised !— u screw drirer. flinxlt, 



March 10, 1931— SCOOPS 



150 



Destroying the. Death Rays 




PhilUp looked out into the witder- 
neM of space and an atnazinti aiitht 
met his gaze. The fierce yellow 
death rays were ending in clouds ot 
white mist, and all ubom the sliip 
was a strange vapour. 



Flinginit tin olhci' lools V>nrk into Id* 
pocket, be got the Mrrre-diivBr uudet the lid 
of tbs hux. 

He worked feverlsbly, leveriog a»d forcing, 
(wd then snddacly the lid (lew open. 

Another yellow vay h«<l now found its 
tiu'get, and was playing on the r»iia. Two 
more found tlio range a second later, «nd 
even while PhiUip was fumbling is i1k box, 
which was really nothing mom than a hii^y 
comnlicBted switob'Wnl. seTersI ninre of tho 
ileiuily yellow bcocu pierced through tha 
csihin window. 

Phillip picked up the book again aud read 
tbn instruction* aloud. 

■■ Turn the first four switchtw over, allow* 
jDg three seconds lnHween each.'" 

Oelvcminedly he did ttua, though by the 
lime he liad reached the third tl*t eSert of 
the froslily concentrated «y« wo* beginniiig 
to tell npon Idm. Uis hand siiook oiid his 
bead was giwing diuty. 

.\fter pabinc switch tour, PhilU|T jonuiiril 
over swticlies firs sud six, ami iJn-n waited 
for wlu lever might happen. 

"All lit* rays now on the large!,'’ bowled 
the -Maifian ewnmander. " Keep tiiero liitro 
and aiiuihilatB the Earili ship, l^y nuoiher 
seven . . . you arc oR the target . . . 
Bwitrli over fivo humlrcd caligrame to tho 
xigtit. . . 

Not only did PhilUp boar Ibis vital pliUBO 
in tlie dreadful contest with the MarUotis; 
ha also saw (he evidence of it* r/fect, for 
immudiatcly a large and particiilarty power- 
ful yeSow ray c«ni« inlo licarinp, and now 
the whole eafain was again under tho hideous 
fire of all tlie ray*. 



ycJIed, 



Iben, ju6t as suddenly, the yellow glore in. 
the eabin disKppesvrd. 

PhiUip breatneti again 

'■ It's worked ! " 
worked ! ” 

He went aciOM to tho cabin window and 
looked out. 

Wtiat he MW amazed bitn more (Imn any- 
thing he Ind yet seen on this alreatly amaz- 
ing jouniey. 

The oufiine of the grvat yellow heams couKi 
still lie seen, hut iostead of tliem being » 
fierce yellow a* tlmy had boai before, Uicy 
appeared to have tunisd Into a white vapour 
wiuch grew in deniity. 

Ureat clouds of white poured Up into space 
and mingled fainlly witli tinges of yellow at 
the aides or edges of the brania. 

In this great wildenKSs of space ibcce 
seemnl to bo nothing bat enormous piles of 
white rapour which funned Itself slowly into 
fantaUie shapes tmd tlieo, as it grew in 
denaily. vanished away into noihinmets. 

Phillip a*ze<l in wonder at the idack box 
—a magu box iudeed— and as he ]wcred into 
it he was attiacted by the sound ot movi-meut 
from one of his cumpaoiowt. 

He luriicd to find tli.n Peter was stirring 
Bgaia, *nd now Vidor wa» showing signa of 
rcxtoi^ activity. 

Phillip wont over to Peter Bixt, and shook 
him by the siiouider OiPiin. 

■•Prfer!” exclaimed Phillip, " ll’a all 
right again. Tlia old boy'* book did tho 
tnrV !pJjo rsya nm fliirshud." 

Prior got on to Iris feet again. 

" I say, Mriilip.’’ he said, " 1 most have 
liseii diwomiog. 1 ‘tc bad a terrible night- 



Phillip langhed. " Yoo brt you have!'* 
he sftid, 

Peter IooVmI around him in a vligliliy 
dazeil fashion and then his eyes fell 
Victor. 

" Victor’s all riglit. tlum,” bo lireatlied, 
" Ifow did yon do it ? " 

Victor yawned and stretched Ida arms. 
Then lio looked ahuul him, gasped as he saw 
tho brown features of hia frieude — burnt by 
the power of the radirtm ray*. 

"Why — ■' he said, "1 most have hccij' 

sleemn|r,” 

" xou ccrtaiuly have," giinned PhtJlip, 
and he then related tbe whole of clie story 
la Im oslauielied friends. 

ITo irai iust coth.lndiug wlicn stwllier 
startling iiiterruptiou came. 

li was the Martian voice again, 

“ I’be Enrtb idilp has escap^ our death 
roys,” it sliootcil. '' Pot wa will gel ihcm. 
Our secrets muit caver bo revealwl lo llie 
Eartli people. We nmsl keep Uiejii away at 
any cost. They bring only evil and disaster." 

There was a pause, oi.d all throe lisicned 
eagerly. 

The voiuo contiuoud. 

" Alt Ihouglit-w.vve sUtions will tcra on 
to one hiimlrod meto-rs. which is tho evil 
ntoliir sgainst whirJi no living avaliire con 
Kurvivft, Every power statiou will ceasii 
Toiituic , , l« tr.ioiSTnit ttie UeuUi force 
slirough the clUei.'' 

IThat new (errors await (lie spats tdTcotnrers f 
Wba( mnostroslllu have the stranOe people of 
(he Re<l WerlO la store (or (beat t Ofonj ttarUlUig 
adTcoturoa In next week's inatHlmcirt ui 
Profeetor X.ow's gresf rioiy. 



SCOOP^-MmoIi 10, 193i 



151 



It went by Road, Under and Over the Water, and Flew In the Air 

Submarine Road-’plane 



Out of a job, down to his last 
bean, John Hall learns that 
his Uncle has died and left him 
everything . . . everj tliing ! 



•jr AN OLD (^ROCK GOES 

FLYING 

J OHN shook his U«nl gtnmly a* 

lie sliuliwi Utc “ Hit.uBtioim Vacant" 
(Whiiim. lie had Wti out of work fm' 
»ume time and wss Uinroughly iip ngninHl it. 

•• Not a joli 1 rmild api>V ho 

iriiUarotL 

Joliii liiiU lieen a meoltanio in a ROrage six 
nioiitliR before, i>uf had joiuad tlie gn'al army 
of mifm[iltiyed vlirn llie firm wont smo^Ii. 

no tmiHid to the "PersonBl" odiinui of 
tho iiewsfuifust. Sometimes there was a job 
adoprfiscd Uiore. Jtepjioudently cno'igli lie 
acanned it. 

Suddenly he slarted a:iJ blinked. 

He hml read his own uuuml 

Tingling with c,M.i(Miicul he nail tlie 

Will .folio Hall, last he*rd of in New- 
nrlnn. nephew of the late Septimus HsiJ, 
plnuu! eomtiinnicatn willi the tmdcrwgn^ 
solicitrorsf 

John read the iiuLii.r Iv.ii'e. ilnly then 
•Vras he conTitieed. 

•’ OiMid lord, it Jniiat menn nict" he ei- 
daimed alotiil. “ I’ll foigotleil all about 
I'iicIp ButitiiRiiH. ITn woe m.Uoneil to be ivell 
off. Ctnsh. I've aol to soo those solicitors a» 
snou n* I possibly can.” 

His face fell whim he read tiie solicitors' 
oddress. It was in i> town tight up in tli« 
north of Yorkshire. Tire fare from Loudon 
would be quits Uiirly shillii^s single, 

John hastily pulh-d his money out. 

**.TuHt undvr two [nmnd*," he muttcml. 
*• And that’s every penny I i-.iu rnke up. 
I expect it'll ho enough.” 

Ho dmided to risk it. nml within an hour 
Ire was seated in » north-hound express. 

U was nighttall whoo ho arrlsTd at. Trews- 
bury, the town where hia uncle had lived. 

Tlio Rolieitont' offlon wax, of ooiirse, closed. 
BO John "pent llie rest of Ilia mnirey on lodg- 
ings for the night. 

At nine o'clock next luorning he was wntU 
iiig outside the wili.’itora' ofltvc-s. 

An oflii'C-hoy moived hint. 

” Mr. Ci’pwltald won't be here milll ten 
O'clock, sir,” Ite told Mm. 

U swmed to .Iidin that the time would 
never puss. But at laM ten o'clork struck 
find BtiOii afterwarrls Mr. CrowfielU arrived. 

lit" seemed o lilllo aurpriecJ In find some- 
liddy wHitiiig to consult him si this early 
hour. 

r'in .fohn llnll.” said Jolm csgerir. 
" I'm the iioplivw of Mr. fleptimiiB Hall, ami 
1 only saw yuur udvertiBemiuit yi -t- rday.” 
Tho Bolicitor blinked. aoiiif n-s-. -‘i 

bis face rluiidnj and he tiowiied. 

"Yes, yrs.” i'o eoid kindly cnmigh. 



■•('ill 






ilobii oireyed and waited unxiottsly. 

• I'm iifr^il f've rotber a ilisopiiointindil 
for you.'' Iiegan Mr. C'lvwricfil slowly. 
• Hava you cciine far? " 

Ki\iiii London.’' said Jnhri. feeling e 
sudden .setisnticn of fear. The soffcilor 
iIMtO aiiijear oveejoyod to see him. 

Mn limwneld bit bi* Up. 

"A jdl.v.” lie aaiil, shaking Ida head. “ A 
great pity- It would have Iwii muth bcHnr 
if you Iiail vvrilteu to ua flret.''- 

152 




He gasped. 

For somelhiiiR am4*ing had hiqipeiiod. The 
mr lenpl forward like a wild lUing. lu u 
niomeut or two she was liaveniiig ut well 
over sixty mili-s an hour. 

.fnhu took his fool off tlui aci-eleraloc pedal 
at though it wus red hot. 

His eyp.R widened in horror. The sjiecd 
of the ritr had fictimlly itirreased ! 

Deniiei-ately lie tiivil to poll his rlulcll 
Idler out, but it wiuibl iit>t wove. Ho put 
all his weight on tiie foot-hrakr. It refiined 
I', budge. He tried the hand-bnike but it 
on^ moved loosely in its sookcL 
■f lie colour drained from bis face. Ha bad 
to grip the wlieel flercsly to prevent tlie 
roaring vehicle from crasliing into lire hedges, 
lie lhaiikrd his stnra he was an cxpr-iienu'J 
driver. 

But what could Ite do now T 
He had tried evetylUing he kiu:-.- to slop 
Ibe car. but wniohow it seemed lhai. Ibe cou- 
Ir./ls bad all janunad. Tlicra would he * 
terrible cr^vh when he met the fml vehicle 
Bpp!--.uhiug aluuR the narrow lane. 

At that^ very moment csiuu the Bound of 

A car wu-s coming rouiKl s Ireinl unt far 



away. 

ill? two cars pass h 

Jolui's lilnod tan cold. And to niekc tnal- 
ters ivnrse he saw that the other was i> |U<lioe 
car. Its oveunants had already seen iiim, for 
a placanl suddeoly aiipenred Itehiiid Hie winil- 

•' STOP— POLHIB.” 

John's hraiu raced. What ou eniUi could 
he do ? 



No. 



1 



John e X- 
plainiut lluit he 
was hard up 
and anxiims tu 
Haim any legacy 
left to Ixim. 

■' There isn't any- 
thing to claim, ” wud 
tb“ solii-ifnr coldly. 

'■ The money your 
nnrb left was barely 
aufficirnt tu pay for 
tho rnneta! and to cloi 
o’ltstsudiug ilebts. 
reason wv Uisorted 
MilvcrtisemvRt was tu 

He hull! Tip a key. .lolin blinked 

*■ That is the key of your 
shop,” explained tho holivitor. 

!« in the wiirksliop ni 
iiurie spent owiit of JiU 
the Inst few year*. IT» 
ahottld enter evrepl his 
ywirselfj of ruitrae." 

('unsciuiiK of a dreudfnl sinking feeling, 
.lolin look the key. InuleaU of money he hm! 
been loFli — a workshup. 

■• Moylre it contains Miiiretliing of vnitre," 
said Mr. Orowftelil. “ Fur your own sake I 
hone so. Parhaps yon will call l>ttrk and 
tell me whet the shed cT.ntaina.” 

John promised, and it seetneii that the in- 

A trump of five miles IfToiight him to his 
mida'a houBv, but John scarcely gave the 
pbire » f^Biiire. In tho far ronier <>f this 
garden he eaw a well-bulti steel structure. 

Ho inserted his key mid cqrened tho door. 
Onun again Ids pulses were tingling. 

Wliat woultl he find inside •? 

In less ihsn two iniiiiitea Ire knew the 
worst. Tire shed contained nothing ewepl ii 
ralhor aiu-iput niotor-i-ar. 

Jedm's export eye soon ganged its value. 
It w« not. woilh mneh. ft was of an nld- 
fnshioiicd typ", quite Ktrung, hut rather biit- 
tvi'sd. 

Tl>sra were a number of strange imstrn- 
m^ts on the Hash-lxiard. but .lohii thought 
they wei-c rnh'es of early motoring days. H» 
studied thvni but could nuiko iioi.tiiiig of 
them. 

Hu Maleil biniBeU nu the runmiig-board. 
Oui'se his nude's legacy! Ho hnil •■uine all 
ibe way from Loiiiloii to find nolhing hut sti 
•;M tiock. Probably Ire wouldn’t get five 
pounds for it. 

■■ I savr a garage ontsidc TrewsUorj ." be 
thought. ■' I'll run it down liieiv and peiv 
if 1 can prell it. I oaghl to get eiuuigh lc. iniy 
my fare h".l; ii, I.x>iidon.'‘ 

ilo iltso .vered that the petrol and oil tanks 
were well >liK'keU and that iho old car was 
ll-eiisiHl. Ho hopjred luUi the ih-iving sent 
mill tiieil Iwr eucme. It tickrii over nicely. 

John ran the rsr out. fftre moved quietly 
in ficil gear down lire little drive into the 
road. 

Here John wvnfc into sccrmil. She. Irehnved 
iiivuly. The road was wid«- now so ho 
slipped into tup — 



Manh 10, 1931— SCOOPS 



Wonder Car Takes the High Dive ! 




It then th«l ie notkeJ tho Icvor 
?ii tlie tww frout icols. I’criiHjis this 
-»;.s tJio liand-hriikc. 

He piittod it hard o\'i?r. 

The affptli w«B a huinii'ed times more sfea- 
t. ■ I lug than ajiything lie had yet espenL-nced. 

I'w.. Haalien of itnmo burW. tvoni cylinHrieal- 
c-onliiii m at the hack of the car. 

Anil with liioae (VjKjrt* — th« enr rose into 

I.ike » rookel h went iip, to iiiis"! the front 
Ilf Ills police c»r hy b inatter ot inches. 

The police car sweiTcd clajigBroimly and 
i-aiiie to M ?lop witli its bonnet in (he hedge. 

And Jotifl ? 

He sat beliiml the »tecritig-wheel like u 
ijiiiu in n tram e. The cm was srtualiy 
fiyittg. 

He iHiw that section* above the inodguards 
had slid out to form amall planet'. 

Tint scene had been witnessed hy one m/in 
•—a traijip. 

The roar of .lohn’s engine had awakoned 
him front liis sleep behind llie liedge, He 
took one look — saw the old crock leap over 
tlio police r«r into the nir— luul covered hi* 
face with his hnuds. 

Then, jnniping ly l.it feet, lie raced away 
acroas tite Aeld. 

"I'U never Uticli another drop!" he 
wailerL "When I see motor-car* start to 
fly I reckon I've got 'em bad ! I'E never 
touch another drop!" 



TIib whng* idiol open ami once agaiii two 
Jiiighly reports eanie from llio re«r of the 
car. It hurtled opwards. 

Jolin breathed, again. 

" J wish 1 conld trtcor it,” he raiitteied. 

He had found Lhnl lorning tlie steering- 
w!ie«l was useless. Hu just sal there, wait- 
lag. 

Hi* ulily Iiope was that he would coroo to 
It flat slrsU-'h <if country, where ha ctuld 
allow ihn car to came down. He would ituve 
to risk the crash. 

Then h« saw » glraimlng expanse, right 
oliead. 

''Heavens!'” l«i iimttcied. '' Tliat's the 

Ho wailed iiixiously. There was nodiiiig 
ha ootd'l do.. 

Once again lif* apeed KlaiiencJ ami tlie car 
i-ommciiml to fall, (juichly ha pushed the 
lever forward ami llien drugged it Itack. 

Tills lime no reports came from the rtiQ- 
ning-boonls. Tho cylinders were probably oi- 
Irausted. Ho was for it now— he'd probably 
ciHsh before he renched the sea. 

Suddenly llie speed of iii.s desciinl 
slnckefleJ. A low huiimiing noise had started 

S umlcriiaath tlte car. it seemed Lo Joliii 
e some »rt of helicopter i doiihtlwcs this 
Vtsji a safety devloB which operated aiito- 
maticaily when the car's altitude dropped loo 
low. 

John »sl siill, wido-eyed. Tliere was 
uoUiing be coold do bul wait. Hvsror uud 



Missing the police 
car by Inches, the 
strange machine 
rose Into the air. 



gaped ; Che tramp 
gave one look — and 
went tearing away. 

And, up above, the slraiiie car was 
speeding nway— bccoRiijig smaller and 
niitil it rfisajipeared in the distance. 



wonld 
do? 

John looked wildly round. 

'• I'd belter try that lever npaUi,'' li« 
decided hopelessly. 

Oingeriy he eased it forward, 

The wings slid back. Instantly the rai' 
started to orop like e stone. 

John pnlled the lever back desiKTOlely. 



neaier to (lie ground. Tlicn, most nmazing 
fact of all. the car csiue down quite smuotbly. 
Luck was with John — be came down on a 
road. Ami then— 
tVtiizzzz I 

f'enia a terrific shriek from the tyres. 
They skidded for a second on the road eir- 
face, and tlien they Imd gripped. 

Jobu realised that the car was still in top 
gear and llist all the lime (he rear wheels 
iuuat Lave been turuiug at speed. 



He gripped his sU-eriiig wheel grimly. 
Kaciug along Urn road bo swung rouud a* 

Then lie gnsped. 

night nlieail a large cor wo» ih.iwn op 
aci-uss the road. KvidenMy an accident bad 
l•llppeucd, A man lay slrcLclied out in lb» 
loaitway. Theiv was nobwlj in or nmr tlio 
cur a* isr as he could soo. 

John *nw that there w« a bme i hiiiicc i-f 
nvoidiiig a erasin' Bel ween the pii,v.li-»Ic uiU‘1 
mid tho difi milings there was a luimm gap. 

He decided to nsk it. It was ImjinMihl,* 
to Uko the car aloft a second liine, 

WrcncUiug tlie wheel round he bcmlfiJ for 
lliti gap. .siraighl Uiiongli It ho raced and 
then— tbe iMir was out of conlrol. 

Jolui had one glimpse of a atrctvb uf gi'cen 
to the cliff I'dgu ami dien — Uie sea far below, 
lie could Jo nothing but cling to the wheel. 

Abruptly the larleapt uito space, t'limo 
the sickening siui.-wiion nf falling. 

Then a terrific splash ! 

She was under. John damlvered nn to liis 
seat, bit bis head against smnetliiiig. In 
some amazing fashion a Loud lia<l clused over 
the lop of the car. 

lie strove to open it. 

IIspIdm! Tbo shield would not budge. 

John Blared round hint — ha hiui just 
iWiaed Uial tho shield was made uf glass. 
He could see tho green beyond, not a droji of 
water w** entering the car. 

Tbe ur was now absolutely water-tight, 

John’* head reeled. Would the wonJura of 
this car never ueeae? 8)ia liad not hit the 
liottom. Slowly be realised tliat another 
tlirobbing noise had started up, It seemed 
tlul a propeller was working undenieaUi lbs 
car and was pusbing it Uirougb lln' water 
like a suhninrine. 

John wiped the perspiration front biz hrow^ 

^SUBMARINE ROAD - 'PLANE 
MAKES A CAPTURE 

• ' T K ever 1 get out of this alive/' Jolui told 

Xhimseif, 1— I'll burn tlie rotten car. 

tViiy on earth didn't the old boy leave a note 
explaioiiig what sort of a freak it is?” 

Leaiiiiig forward, he began to eaaniine llio 
mass of instrumenU ou the diuh-l>oard. One 
of theifi was lalielled— .Asccud. 

His Angers rlosed over it. Daro he push 
it ? He must do souieUiiug, for already the 
air in the car was becoming heavy. He 
would be siiflucated unless be could gel bark 
to the surface. 

He pushed tlie knob. 

It seemed to him tlial the car liUiul a little 
but ha cunldn't he sure. Then lie noticed 
that the water in front of Uio wiudscreBu 
waa becomiug a Ughter green. 

Ho was moving back to tbe surface. 

A few moments later and the car was 
actually riding on the saa. Moreover, once 
tlM iionnet had emerged, she bounded for- 
ward ami went scudding along at u speed of 
something like Uiirty or forty miles an hour. 
The hood siucked bark. 

John pulled at his steering-wheel, but it 
runda no impression on the car's direction. 
It was hurtling straight forward, absolutely 
out of his control. 

Tbo reason John polled so hard at tho 
steeriug-wheel was l«c«nse ahead of him 
was a small boat. The men in it wwq 
pulling towards h small tnunp steamer. 

Suddenly a cry went up from Um boat. 
It socmed that tho men bad spotted tb* 

It most have appeared to them ti> be some 
queer apparition. A raomeut before, tlw 
whole expanse of sea bad been deserted. 
But DOW, here was a slraneo-looking craft— 
a craft that appeared to b« a motor-cat— 
burtiing towards (licm at the speed of a fsH 
niuior-bout. 

They realised that the car was heading 
Straight in tlieir direction — and tliat it WM 
almost on top of them. 

They jmnped to their feet ninl waved 
furiously. 



SCOOPS — March 10, 1934 



153 



Road-’Plane Takes a Passenger 



Wlieu H wa* loo lato lh-.Tr UIkI to ptiU U« 
boav mn Of tho phlh of tho cor. 

John dosed hie eyes. 

'X'fie udr lurched snd lie was nearly Bung 
Icoa tu-< sent. 

Opening bis eyes sgsin be Mw that the car 
bad driu-n ridit nito the boat. lU catcghl 
Ik vision of buf a rioMii men diving ioto the 
sea. Then tlie boat hud gone. 

It seaiiiud that one of the men had been 
too late in diving ovcrlnni'ct. In Gome queer 
fashion tbs bonnet of the car had pteksd him 
lip so Lltat he was spmuling across it. lie 
sj^ai'cd to be uncousdoos. 

Ones iigaio John wiped Iho psrspiralioa 
away from hi» bjow. 

Hi- was hooding right out to sea. Uoless 
ha did soiDcthiKg th^. ear would go hurtling 
on until the petrol ran out. ITe would then 
be at tlift mercy of the waves. 

Suddenly he gaaprcl. What n fool he'd 
been ! Of coorse ! Thcne was one certain 
vray of stopping the car. 

Reiching forward be gripped tlie ignition 
ftey and awilohed the engine off. At once 
the car began to slow down. 

T!»« man on the bonnet was slirrittg now— 
il0 ms ovjdniilly recovering cfiiMtsonSiirsa. 

John wondeced if lie was badly hort. He 
ntist And ouL 

Turning round, ho saw tbnt a brgo motor- 
Unnrh bad put <iff fiom ibe (romp. It was 
eiigugeil hi picking n]i the meu from Ills 
capsir.ed boat. 

Tbe/i the m»o lying arress tiie bonnet be- 
gan to a-.'l in strange {aahimi. Ho rapped 
OD the wlndwraen snd appeared to lie point- 
ing beyond John. There was an expi'cssion 
of meat horror opoi * ' ' ' 

John turned in 
finger was pniaUng. 

Hr -«iair at oore ihst the niclfir-laijnih from 
the stoamar was headiug teiwiuds law. Siand- 
ing ill thn bnws was a man, ued .'Mimcthing 
g1eiuT>e<i iu hit lioud. Willi a leeling of 
astonishment John leaiisad it wns a rcvofn-i'. 

For a moicciil he knew a sudden, unreason- 
lag temr. Suopami sQino of tho crew of tho 
boat hail Imui (Vownedf lu that case }ic was 
a murderer. 

Alomsl without ihinhiag he Isaoed forward 
and tunied the ij<iiiUoti awitcla 

CoHiB two temfir hoefe-fires. Then the car 
ms in metion. It gathered speed with amaz- 
ing rapidity. 

Blit sftmething had b.sppenod. 

Wiito the car Itad been stationary the 
motion of the waves had swnng her right 
round. As she started fnrvijird John realised 
iw was fmadinB iuick for tlie land. 

The motoi'-Taiinrii swung round in ojj 
aUamnt tg liesd John oft. 

•' If I ran gut her ashore.’' thnught Uia 
meulisnir. " I'D ahte to make a dash for 
itv 11» sooner I*m out of this car and away, 
the bellur.*’ 

Crack f 

The man in the bows of the tauncli bad 
fired, and the hiilirt smashed against John's 
wiiMUcrc-sn. The outside of Uie glass 
sptiolend a little, but that was all. 

John Minkod. 

Evidently Ui« windows of surprising 
csr wenj hollet.preof. 

One« again the man is the Uondi firod. Nu 
doubt they had antici|ial«d that the gnn 
Would bring John to his teases and caosa 
him to stop. 

Then tlie man wiUi (he ffou turned and 
shoutnd sotneUung. Ue had evidently 
thought Chat Joim iateoded to nta th«m 
clown. 

At the last moment the lauueii tried to 
swerve away. So violent was the movament 
tliat ong gunwliale dipped under water. Thn 
nrew went slithering in a heap and sevund of 
them were jerked overbooi-iL 

Tho nor missed tho hiiincb hj » l>arp fiiot. 
She rocked diuily in the sa-cll cmatod by 
the launch, but it mndo lillls or no im- 
pression upon her speed. 

Ikookiog bade John saw that the launcIi 
was slapping to pick up tile men *m the 

J'llin Inokod nlieod agala. He Was sf£U 

154 



rarryigg Iiis acarod-fooking passenger on th» 
bonnol. 

Ui^ ohead of hint wsf a small bay. He 
cviugnt Ibe glimpse of saud. The tar was 
hritding straight for it, 

'■ Oness I'll tusks my gv-Uway now," 
innrTDurod Juliu. 

Some distance from the sfi£>« he switched 
(iff Uift cng'tne. The car was carried forward 
by her own tuoBk’iitimi. Then— she iisd hit 
(he liaach. 

Tlmd! 

6fao jerked to a idandstill sosc l«n y.irds 
or so beyond tho water's edge. 

John tngnid at the door, and jumped out, 

A hand tell on bis stiuulder. 

“ Young man," began a voice, '* I- — " 

John FcaiiaoJ lie irns in the grasp of the 
tUau he hud carried uu the ckr IkonnsL 

II© wriggled furiously. On the lone* sand, 
however, he loal his balance and went down, 
forryiag tli* other with him. John was un- 
lucky imough to fall uudemsalh. 

"Wait n minute! " gaspetl his nsGisnger. 
'■ r doiTf iiitfcnd you nny hurni. I’m not r-no 
of that g-kiig- I — I want to thank you." 

John btinksd at him. 

“ Thank mo !” ha gasped, '* Whal—vvbst 
fori " 

The other jpt to his fort. 

John sner ne was an eldetly, white faoired 



They wern cariyiug rao <.11 to that Iraiitp 
steamer. But for your appearancs ou tlco 
e-iol I should be on my way to America now. 
Wiles you hit their boat I dciiberatvly fiusg 
mjirff across yoor Iiimnel. £'U oarer be able 
to thank yon enough.” 

John was still lowring dar.edly at ilinotlior 
wlioo ibore caaie a about ftoni tho direction 
of the sea. 

Both men swung round. 

At ton speed the Uunuh was hooding for 
tbe SRiaU bay. 

•' Wo must „ 

John had r«rue<L 
and (lisy'il alidi atbotliing." 

Jobs gazed round him. 

Tho cava was bammed in by UU cli&s. 
There was no sign of a path which led 
upwards. hsd no tiuw to ssArcb for 

onn eitlier. The Uuni-h would run agroond 
vritliin a few minutes and it carried men who 
tiero .-irmad. John lonkrd at tba launch. 

*■ There’s only one thing for it,” he easp^. 
" Wo must take to the enr again. I think 
I know eaoimh aliout bee to htodla her 
safely now. Owe on." 

Into the csr tiiey iumblod. John tiimed 
the ignition key at once. The car jerked and 
rile ongioe immediately stopped. Of course! 
Hf> bad left tho gear lever in top. 

ReniJiiag forward he tugged at it. 
Htranscly caough it came out easily now. 
Hrobalily this was because the cngitio was act 
running. 

Once again swlthhni^ on the engine, John 
jerked the lever into i-overse. InKirediately 
the car moved bai-kwards. Quickly Johii 
suincoavriHl her until elie was facing towards 
tho SNL. As sbr rau forward into the watec 
so (lid the luuacli cun ashors. 

’■ Now for it,” grunted Jidin. 

Be rang the uhaagn ou his nccelerstor. 

Swisii f 

Once again the slrsuge car bad lieeomr a 
veritable speedboat. 

Behind thmu ram© the oack of revolvfw 



» up 



1 the s 



TliU 



L (ill 



fire 

John's pavwinger diirked. 

" It's all right," said John. *’ They cait'i 
barm us oow. Tilt glass is bullet-proof." 

His pssseuger was staring at the rouii\>Is 

with bulging eyes. 

’■ Wlml kind of s freak car is this? " he 
demandflil. “ Is it n now invention or somo. 
thing? And whoso car is it? " 

" It's mine.” said John. *' T don't know 
that I'm ^rticuiarly onChiuiasti'c (^ut it 
though. 1 only tow charM of her this 
nionling and yuti'll cover believe the things 
Ihut have ba2’P^"'’*l li* since. I set out 



cross between an aempbine, n sub- 
mnruie and b speedboat." 

IJe frownod. 

“ But wg’re not out of the worn! yot," ha 
said. “I can't steer the roMau (Inog. " 

His passenger started. 

" Why util ? ’’ ho drmandcil- 
Jolni waggled the ateeriug-wlioai and 
demoBslrstra thnt it liad no oScot u{u«i their 
eourso. 

" We'U got out of sight of Uie bunch," 
he said. " uiid as sooo os that hsppena Til 
switch of! ll.ie ongino. Maybe th« waves will 
swing her round so Uiat she lieads towards 
the slioro again. WUoo that lmpp<ms_ we’U 
try to make another landing. Tm liopina to 
goodness Gur petrol supply will last out.''’ 
iitiddunly tlie car ran into a rougher strolrli 
of water. It ilipfeii deeply over a wave. .As 
it did so Jolui lurched and triNi to steady 
hinitclf by grabbing nt the alof-ring-wheel. 

To hit curprise that nratic-h jerked Iba 
wbert portly out of its aocket. It was now 
about six inches higher thou it was brifora, 
He realised, too, that the buuiiot of Ute cur 
wsa veering round. 

“ Heavens ! " he ejariiUled. " I liui sUier 
her DOW, Soffielbiog's happened to tlia 
wiieeL Look I " 

Ho brought the car round in a wide etn-le. 
Half an hour later John had me tlie (sr 
on to niiothrr strrteb of dnerted luuvuli 
ifeUing out, John went .straight to ihe 
lockor on the running buard. Ylpeoiiig it 
he took out a hutonier. 

" Rfiiat are you going to ciof ■' d-'inanded 
Ills componioa. 

John gnvfl the hammer a prvltminsry 

" f’m ^ine to wreck the oncino,"’ ho 
smiouneea. *^I gueas Tm the luckier chap 
ill Greet Britsin at the iRoment. Accovd- 
tiig to oD tiin mlea f sfioutd have been dewt 
lioara ago. I daren't leave this car iiere. 
Somebody mlglit come niung and start her up. 
If that hsi^as I'll |irnuobly have Uioir 
death on my bands. I m utsidng sure that 
she dooin't get a cluuice to do aoy furtlwc 
dumsge.” 

The other caught his arm. 

" Don't bo on iJiot," he gasped. " Don't 
you realise tli.it in that csr you've got o(is 
of the wonders of liu age? 1 tel) you I 
know what I'm talking alwot. My noma is 
Sir Iluberl ROTnolds. I’m ■ motor car inanu- 
isrtnrer, and I must liave that csr taken to 
my works so lliai I con have it Ifioroughly 
ex«niiiii-d.*' 

Snddenly John l>ent down. 

Lying in the toohboa was » Itrga envelope. 
He saw that it was tidilressed to him. rick- 
ing it op he slU ii open. Inside was a small 
book Isrnijled — " Iiislruotioua tor the Opera- 
tion of My New VTnnder Osr.” 

John tnrnsd the inigra. 

" Gumi beareas!" be ejaculated. "If 
only I’d read these iiistrurtioiis before J 
started. The oporation of this car is os 
simple as cau bo, It really is a vehicle t hat 
can bo used oillier ns ui ordiiiaiw car, an 
BcrDplanc. a submarine or n spcKUnot." 

Sir Hubert lieynoids was quivering with 
oxi'iiement. 

" You must sa]} mo ihs sola lighte of pro- 
dutdog tills car,” he said. " It appears Uist 
that sUeuipt to kidnap mo was one of tho 
luckieat things tiiat aver bappoiiod. U 
brought me in iouth with yon." 

ITis fs<» sndJrnly clouded. 

" Thid. remiiids me," ho w«it on. " The 
rarn who kidoapped me left my chsuffnir 
lying senselotis on the ro-id outside Long- 
beadi. «I must Bud out whet's happened to 
liiiu." 

John blinked. 

- " Bill feidnspniag in Euglnud is rullinr 
mmsusl, isn't it: " lie twid. 

Sir Ilohert nodded. 

" As s (natter of fsut,” be said. " rina par- 
ticular gang have boeii iqwratJng in RngUmd 
(/.'end on aC tup uf eofuun one o/ ner( page) 

March 10, 1934— SCOOPS 



Continum^ . • 

Submarine Road-*pIane No. % 

f.i time. A ft.rttiigli*. ago tln-y 

llFiy thoiMMiul pounds fro'D nia. 
<<*' cnurso, 1 (>iiup!y tvporCerl Uie niu<t«r U* 
puJii-al It opiitfor', hoTTrvef. tliat they 

■‘‘ntr<y foUowpJ nm stopped my 

• i*r, «iil. »s you iintnv, kidnappeil me, They 
(old me they vrara taking ino to sea and pro- 
bably to Xn>erica. They fully intendnil 
keeping me ntitil the ranaoni wat paid. But 
oncQ n-a ran i;^t to n polira sLutimi tiuit tmnip 
sWamor will be aloppeJ before it goes far. 
I'Ta an' idea wo blisll rnund up tRo whole 
gang," 

la'Kjlcing nl the booh of instrnclions -Tuhn 
lUsourorod how to (h’i^o his unvle’s echiclB 
as an ordiimiy ear. 

TlicJe WU.S n path JrBiling out of the 

uiid John drove along this until he 

to a smAll town. Here be discovered (hat 
Sir Hnlxirfa ehnuffeor had heen found and 
taken ia hospital 

Aa soon as Sir Hulicrt's story was kiKinn, 
lire telr|}hutie wires became busy. A. des- 
troyer unickly took charge of the tramp 
atemiier. 

.^nd tlint night .Tolm v 
Hilbert’s house. 

Ne.st day his uncle's iiiM'uriou uas taken 
to the Heynolds’ Motor Works end 
tlioroiialdy eiamincd by e.xperts. 

At the end of the week John gave a trial 
Ucmonstcaliun. By (ids time lie }is<i 
fsiuiliomH himself with every jiart of the 



They gasp^ move tlmii ever wl>en they saw 
Join] volfiliuia slowly down to the sea and 
sink from sight. 

He remaiupd under for qnite a while, for 
Tie liad discovered that, the car contained n 
rompressed air-tank. Wlien he reappeared 
the experts marvelled &t tlie speed the car 
attained on tbs surface. 

These dr»s John ia working in partner- 
ship ariUi &r Hubert lisynolds. .And Suh- 
marirw Road-'plsop Xg. I, John's wuinfer 
rar Is now' calledi is s'vin to be pul on i)ie 
market. 



DON’T BE BULLIED 



t guest st Sir 




“DOUBLE THAT HALF-CROWN" 



BUY MARBLES l.S per 1,« 



I Vandries Street. 



STAMPS FREE ! .' “5 

ColonuK " Neuroj^, e«o.. *“*j*'‘^* 

or*'w™is*"§n'^ dwirriit*’ l’’it."^or ’sno* »l S.'S^ 



C. H. BARNETT, LIMINGTON. YEOVIL. 




BE STRONG 



linWi u 
dcreAvpiiK 



I? -STCBBINS 



mSTITUTE. Dtpt. 8.P., 2S, Dun Rd.. UnSan, N 

SCOOPS — March 10, 1934 



A Free I.C.S. Booklet 
That Concerns Your Future 

Most young men, it has been said, are loo small 
for their jobs. That is why they nir not pTomnieil . 
and why many arc discharger! when husbess is slack. I 
The wise young mail sh'jul<f make himself too big 
for his present job — outgrow it. If he does, pro- 
motion .-md better pay will follow. 

There is only one way to do that; the "wtiy of 
Aparc-rime spceialiscd vocaiiorml trMning, The 
tniernatioual Correspondence Schools, creative 
pioneers of tuiticui I'y post, have been giving such 
tiaining for 42 years and have enroifed more than 
4,000, OTO stuiknts, himclreds of thourinds of whom 
have _wnii substantial success. 

This booklet is comprebeji.sive. It explains the 
l.C.S. method in detail, and gives brief particulars 
of ail l.C.S. Standard Courses, covering practically 
every branch of commerce and industry and many 
professions. Twenty-four other l.C.S. booklets, eacli 
dealing with <me group <xi Course.s, contain every- 
thing the ambitious man would wish to know about tite particular Conno 
ih.Tt meet his irKftvidual needs. 

Our 25 booklets, averaging S4 pages each, are cniltled 
1.C3. Courses of Instruction 
Domestic Engineering 
Electrical Engineering 
General Education 
Languages 

Lettering and Showcard 
Writing 

Marine Engineeriog 
Mechanical Engineering 

Motor Engineering 




5 follows: 



Advertising 
Aeronautical 
Engineering 
Agricniture 
Architecture and 
Building 

Art for Commercial Use 
Cbesnical Engineering 
Commercial Training 
Civil Engineering . . 

/TkrM hookUlB iKclug* lAa 

If you with lo OHigroiv your friseul job, 10 ««>.• a rral merm uf 
yoHT life, wriW- for any one (or morr) of our booblrir. li is free, 
also is OUT expert advice on any mailer reliiUvc la your rorrer. 

International Correspondence Schools, Ltd., 

bEPT. 248, INTERNATIONAL BUILDINGS, KINGSWAY, LONDON. W.C. 2. 



Radio 

Railway Equipment 
and Running 
Salesmanship and 
Window Dressing 
Scientific Management 
The Services 
(Civil, etc.) 

Textile Manufecturing 
Woodworking 



CAN 



GROW AS YOU PLEASE 



IF issv twa a.iiai.-'s-'j:,’-..- iv. 

..... ... „ „oili M; b-Alk' 

1 rrcsie lAc BiJr BesNiktuT' 
''Uterr s Vsbbi , 

a 'l'meul rri£Ll oa iccolpv ,il nsuis sad sUdnst sud 
. ia .tsaips- WtUe la au Ia4s,. iiei'i >*rlvstaly. 
CARWB.PMlt.*., RHIWBIWA.CARDIFR.8.WALE8. 



THE WONDEf?SCOPE — 

_ , and 9-in-l novclir. I'teit (i/ 
9 /_ Rolscy. Pbllstet,, Cbeaitarr, 

1 Tflovaiw, Bmaln,. Rt»rfin»,’ 

i 30. eitnj! 
(ihBEnrs A Ed. 

montserrap: 

I nrv s«i at Sismiu vUI be siKb ln« ol ifasrce 
.pptii'sai* lor ••le,-v|oi(« ™ ‘fff 

iPBBIALI^ AvecxKO * 

* "''ana Yii rPv-lotisIl »!. l>aeurc ^ 



, BRICHTON, SUSSEX. 



DIAMONDS” 

MANY RARE STAMPS hare beea louad by gxurlUMis 
.1 Tns " DIAMONO “ P«eM4, <>1-11 a-noiBt arprer. 
I.flpo UH60RTEQ STAMPS liuiu Canveals sliresd. 

I okt. I 'l. s pbts. ] «. 5 phU. 8 8. 

Allpositree. (AbroadTd-psrpkt. extra.) 

O. NERUSH 

(Dtet. “S"). sa. TURNPIKE LAKE. LOHOBH, NX. 



THIS ASTOUNDINd QFFEf) FREE ! I ! 

Thx flp« pscmi ennt.mi M) UKHUAML qae! 
>Uai|H nuly. Ir„i» UIIOUK-AIA iCalalacicl <1 
Kext^. F^imx lannw^l, Aev ,,f ^ htrte t^trsi 
pktonsla, Vrnosuels. i'MJi. Il'perl. tLimusi 
Imuaopluiri. BtuII. tlallui,! iWiikelsilssI, Sli 
(uev fKiiel, Liilembpix. .Lit Sne .uupi. QuU 
iiV^uaoUIy. I'irallT. W es.'h epplu-ant whu 



s roJoCTlBx friea,( to vrne fur Ult> psctel, m vil. 
iMliide s rote tin-rnsn fv.kmlsl Rump ilspletm* 
nii««ffn^»ppnwSi.-'*Ll'8e*UnN '«''T£WlJ|[tt5D 
fOSpL CAP), LIVERPOOU 



inrCAL COIIA 




L. WILKINSON, 



_ AH (xmiprcle wIMi 

Butter, 6il. PattsR aj, 

4tf. Ver xUw.f,«|,i7 rarrlefret 
IN. e, OlTY ROAO. LONDON, E.C. 



10 PERSIA FREE 

Sometbtos really good lusBally aotrl ut 1/6). 
All you have le do Is to ask lo see ray approval 
sheets and send I)d. posupe. In eddilion to 
Ibis Wondrriul gift, (f you v>ill send aildreiiaes 
of stamn-cnllscllng friends yon wiU receive 
another ^suiiful set TREa. 

H. C. WATKINS (S.C.), GrsB««1e Road. BARNET. 



BE TALLER! 




VaursNI Cr«», 

Or enrfaes. 25id. sump 
t,;r Ooavl Doing TVeMnimy. 

S. e7~MALCOLM ROSS, 
SCARBOROUGH. ENGLAND. 




A Great Stoiy of a Great Man 



TERROR 



WITH A LION as a Watchdog, a Fifty-Foot Man is 
at large in England. Once a small and ailing Child, 
he is now a Giant, and has come back to the Land 
of his Birth 



THE TERROR MAKES 
A MEAL 



F .\l!NfEU HiU'Iiti- tii tin ubrupt holl- 
Hp liliuketl for » niomr'iit iia tliuugb h« 
r..iildn'l, uredil t>if evuleiiit' t»f hi» «ye*. 
■ lA'ok! " lie gas]jeJ. " Wbnt on earth 
l<u^ luiiifiened ? 

Bill th« two fiimi UbourevH who liatl niTom- 
pnrieJ liiiii <lown Uie roivd had seeu it 
loo. Their mouth* were whir iijien soil their 
eyes wore IrtilBtug. 

" My iiayni'ta! " gasped Vnrmer KiUthie. 
My liayiieks! ” 

lie (loiiiteH hie etiik at a comer of llic 
fifllil. Here, Mte night before, Imd elood 
large liiiysUcka. Now there WM no sign 



; .\ud than— the faniirr's rmt bo«nie as 
blijrk tluindBr. 

I Ohiiieiiig right across Ihc flrhl he aaw what 
laid liprflnjc of his hay. The rirk* had h^ii 
broliou up and the hay hod been tossed uidis- 
cfimiiiutely under a far liedge, 

h'or a eetoud or two he was mishlB to give 
eiptessinu io liis lliunghls. finally words 
hui-si from him. 

> '■ .Sotneliody niiii.t Irari * spite against rae. 
hs criesl. “ This-tlds is sheer vuiidnluni. 
ever I find Ilia ucrsoi. or persoivs ro- 

apoimble I'll— i’ll ' 

fliice again Fanner llileliie hrtilco off. 

. Tlie two hibonrcn! aloiigside him {faTi* vent 
to Btnrtlod gas]*. For • moment it seemnl 
to them tlint the long nioimJ of hay had l>eoa 
di»turi«d liy a mishly bLuiui. No wind was 
, blowing ami yet ihe whole uuimiil had started 
uiid shaking us tliongU it weio 

jiUve. 

; Then out of the hay ivvw a inighly arm— 
Mich Ml arm as bile tnnnev luid his two meu 
had never eonreived possible. It was im- 
jiiediately [oUnued by nuuther arm. 

Then llie lay was thrown in all clirectTuus 
■«>nl .H Vnan's Imd snd shoulders emorged. 

But nhnl a Ilian. 

f«r IIS he sat up hi* head was level witli 
till' Inpmutt brviiiiea of a tail free that stood 
in n coruer ol llie field 
Three words bunt sinmUaneotisly fioiu tlie 
li'imip-itricjteu lalKHireis- 
j "The Blridiiig Terror:" tliey cried. 

The Striding Terror! " 

“ Tlipu lltoy tunicd ini tlwir and rreal 
ijonrdiiig away as hard a» ihay .oidd go. 

fermer JiiUJiie MW Iha hi'un of *' huge 
figore turn alowly In his drroction. Tint 
M«;- more Itiau eiiough for the farmer. Hr 
went down llis lane at top »j>eed alter his 



had given to .Tohii Hcslrr, the Maa- 
^fi'nintaln. 

Tl«> night liefore, Ihr Terror liad romu 
across tile ItayrickB. Hr was wearlug only a 
loin rloth And in spile of his loogh nkin Uh' 
night wiiiri lisU stimrk cold. When he had 
arm the tiayrieke he know that he had found 
Itts lied for thu uighl. 

To |inU them clnwii snd make a lied for 
l.luurlf Iwd been hnt a iimUer of u few 



loimiles. The Tenor bed »)ejn romfi'iiaHr 
llial night. 

For IS frw seconds u dazed look had eouir 
into the giiuit itiim'* oyss. 

For the Terror half espected to find him- 
self MiiTounded hy cnniw*. Then realisatioii 
.nine to him. Of nnii'se. Ii» had eacnpwl 
from the dren*. 

WiUi that thought ennie a feeling «f 
imsioly. 

Would Uif cireUB make fiii-lhrr efforls to 
capture him! Wlml woidd the iiulire of Ih* 
.'oonlry do! 

The Ten'or shook his heed, 
ile was ill a voyy difficult puBilioi indeed. 
For apart from liis size there wiu> iiathing 
nbuonilal about him. IIi» fatlicr had hecu 
.Titles Dexter, (lie famous scientisl. CoU' 
vhnsd that his son was giowiiig np' b weak- 
ling Julu# Dexter had exi»erimoiile<l on tlie 
hoy's pitiiitaiy gland* ui an effort to make 
Itim tall tiiid hrall^y. Hie experiments lied 
produced ustfinishing leaultft. At the age of 
tea young l>extei had started to grow at an 
xhirming rate. 

Realising that the l*y was developing into 
ii freak, urd imahle to stop his giowt.li, his 
father had taken him nway to nn almost lUi- 
known island off the west const of Africa. 
Here the. boy had grown up to attain Ilio 
mighty height of fifty feet. 

year or to ago hin futber had died, hot 
until hU dentil .Tides Deiler liad viniiiiineJ to 
edunate his mnniious aou. 

.tfler his father's drath ll.e Terror Iiml 
liegmi to feel hi* icolntiim. A eliiuig deaivo 
to revisit Knglmid Imd come iijmo liiiii. 

Two roond'Uic-wovld flyers Iniiding on Ihe 
ialand Imil given him his opportciiiity. He 
hod fnwed Jlteiu to convey him In England. 

On otriving in this country tlio Striiliiig 
Terror hod been unlucky. While lying 
Mlnnnod after « fall from the top of Big Iteu 
he luid fallen into the luiiuhi of n ciivii*, and 
the circus f.dk had eacceeded in druggiiij; 
him with a very [loleiil Eastera drug wliiHi 
Imd sapped all his will iMwer. 

The circus had taken full respoiisihility 
for him and lliay list! heeu allinvod by the 
police to keg ; ) the Striding Terror iindflt 
tlmir conlixil. 

They had imint)disiely esliibiteii liiin iu 
an pnormoos eircm* tent, and from alt over 
the country pix-ple had cume flocking to see 
the strange pliMionieiinu of a man fifty fvot 
in height. 

Blit tlie StriiliiiR Terror had lUacovi-v^ 
that he was being .Iroggad, and lie lisd 
lusnaged to avoid taking any fnrtlinr iloM*. 

Tlie night lielorc, he ha<l broken the huge 
chain which had tici"- fixed to his anJt'” .i:id 
imd made his escape from the . ir.'r-.t 

Hb had Ukea with liUu I' r f—r.est bon 
in the cii-’iiv nieiiagfrie. amt the Siridiog 
Tenor inti uiled Uiot the lion siwuhl art at a. 
•wntclidog for him while he was sslcep. 

Thi* was the dawu of Uh; first d»y uf his 
new-found freodoni. Wbal did it Irold iu 
store fur himT 

The T.-OW frowned moru .I'leply than 

As somi ns he pnsBibly could Ite niiul con- 
vinoe the people of Knglnuit that be meant 
them no liarm — mn.tt niuvinro tliem thet ho 
was an ordinary, civilisetl liuniun lieing like 
(honi.cclvea. All be wished for wes permis. 



«on to live soniewline in the coonlry at 
peace. 

fie wee to liis fnU height, and Iw<vmiic roii- 
Hckios that ho wns hungry-. 

A taint sound came i« him from n (viniof 
1.1 ihs field. At leMl. it sounded faint to 
l1n Striding Terror, but actually it whs thn 
roar of e lion. Tlie Iwasl was laeiiig at th- 
hase of a krp tree to wliivU the “'error bud 
chained It. . , . 

As the giant man jippiuariied the wild 
aoiaial ii sank back on its haoiichi-j iiufl 
growled fiercely. 

TTre Stridliig Terror andlwl. 

” None of that," lie ssiJ. 

Qiiiokly bfindijig ihiwii, he seised the Inm 
liy the loose .skin at the iRivk of its iievk 
niid held it up beforo him. 

'file slniggle* of the apiuuig, cUwiiia 
niiLuud seemed only to auinsc Inm. For th" 
bull wa* uu larger to the Terror than an 
uriHiiery liou-sehokl cat wmild Iistb been to 
nil imllnary miui 

■' Fuung fellow." lia said, " you and 1 ar» 
going to bo It^etliw quita a lot. You'll have 
to get to know uio. If yoti behave yuurnsif 
I'll find some food for you." 

He nrt. the Uou mi the firomid uud then 
tmfasteiind the clinin. 

Tnniiug round. Ilia Ter 



; a fann- 



Siirii 5 phic.! would lie likely to ooiiiain 
ample food for his need*. 

Ill hia girdle tlm Terror carriod iron 
rations in Ihe ahajHi of couceiiltaled food 
tablets— nnn of which wu* sufficient to satisfy 
his huuger for l.weiif.y-foiiv hours — but ho 
laalisesl he miglil have greater need of theso 
later on. , . , 

He alinuk Ids head as ha stepped into tlia 
fsraivsi'il. Nut- o »oul was to bo seen any- 
■wlmiw. Evidirtitiy his cotning bad been seen 
and tlic oucupants liad fled. 

He lieut down and peered through 1lie 
kitchen window. Ho ixmld sen the larder. 

He knelt down ami Id* hand reached ta 
the door. liis huge fiiiger* luriuNi the small 
knob with aomo illlficully. Then hU great 
itnn had pono thnnigh and lim fingwa wero 
ctooing nn the foodsliifTs inside tha larder. 

Ten uiinnles later a indy niarvelbus si^t 
jiiighl hare lieen seen iu the farmyard. For 
in a corner the lion was hiiqr with a largo 
jouit uf meol, whilst in front of Ih* Terror 
were two eaurmoiis bans and a dnrs'ii large 
burn of bi'oatl. 

Wieu tlie Striiliug Terror got to hU feet 
and led the lion out of Ihn farmyard ha 
loft iiuUiing bchuid him but sumo cleau- 
looking liooel. Un the farmhouse kilchon 
tsijie, liowever. lay a five pound note. Tim 
Terror liiid left it iu paymcjiL ol the food 
he and Ihe linn hud ivnuntmed. 

Haeching thn roadway the Striding Tornir 
paused. He must find out what part of Ilia 
itKintry tie was in. Tlie only lliing b* do 
wM to go furwsrd till he came to a sign- 
jnst, 

DESTROY THE TERROR! 



,ieop up witli him. 

Freseutiy, a lorry nppearwl. The drirar 
sighlod the giant man and thero came a 
atidilen fearful screeching of brakes a* Ilia 
lorry come to o sUndslilT 

Two men dived from it mid vrwtt raciiie 
madly nn-o*)i the road, hnmiwed tluvugU 
the h«ige and they lore serosa tlie 
fields, 

A frown gnthored over Un- TeiTor's face 

Maioli 10, 1031— SCOOPS 



Hunting the Human King Kong 




realised Itmt bin 
urrivoT in Eus-lond 
would urase »ucli 

I'onstnmUon. lli> 

innst Kiu hi* Snrl 
upportunitT of 
HinRing everybody 
understitiiu Itu 
niTOiit no hnnYi. 

He {RUMt'd (he 
Im-ry to find lum- 
wlf taecd by n sleep bill. 

N’ow DU llic otiirr siili- of tb# bill u 
lioy was slowly cycling, forcing Uie , 
louod in a desperofe iittewit to atloui tlic 
l-oii whliout li.iviiig to get oft and welk. Con. 
»«IuftnHy his heart was bent lew over tlio 
linndlehus. 

Surtdeuly bo looted np to discover how 
lunch farther he hud to go. Tlia eiH^ression 
iliat como into hii face hafilea Jeaerijitinn. 

OiiB moment it wm o look of tremefldoo*. 
iilmoirt. onl»crievnhlo sorprUe — the next It was 
a look of sheer, Bnmdiilterated terror. 

Kor Bomething was risnic »l>ovo the crest 
of UiB lull— an enomioos hestl. 

Tina there cume into sight a pair of great 
p.l'OBld*r». 

Tbo cyclist jerked lo a standsUll aiiu Iho 
newspapers fell from bis bee to the ro*d. 
Ilia tbo boy had uo thouglit for hia paj»r». 

•'The Striding Terrorl TIio Smding 

SCOOPS— March 10, 1931 






Tenor ! 

His lips fomed the word*, but uo sound 
cnnie iiom them. 

Then lie had gone rarmg arrovs ibe road- 
way to rtisappcflr anrongst the trees 
oHicr side. That .•’imnd Iwy run 
never nm before. 

I'lw Terror strode down Uio bili, anil nearly 
trod upon tlio fliJlcii bi<'yi !fl. just in llie 
nu'ic of time bo aaw it, and then 1ie noliced 
llic •CBltered ncw.;p»per» alongside. 

A lo^ of delight came into his eyes. Now*- 
papers movil new*. Tl'O whole of Knglsiui 



must bs tlirobbing Wilh the reports of Ins 
ee^pe from the ctreu*. 

Stooping, ho ntanaged to ]iii'k up one of U>* 
papers. Ifla lingo fingers found dilficuTlrt 
ill opening the thin pages. 

To the Terror, of course, the words wei'o 
cxceptiouidly sniall, and be hml to peer 
f-roseV ‘'t I” '*’’- or,lej- to dwlplie' it, 

Bnt Iho glaring liciidlines WO'O easy 
enough to lead : 

THE STHIDINO TEUttOR ESi:.VTK8 
rniuf CIRCUS. 

GIANT 5 iUN LOOSE AC-AIN.” 

Slowly bo rend a very highly ccdoureil 
arconnt of the way he Imd loft tliu ciicna. 
i'ioally, bo came across a cfjuple of iiara- 
grspiis printed in bold tyjni. 

^’ben last seen the Striding Tenor wae 
lieudttig uorUi. Any pcrwin wgiiliiig him 
should eiirtoavonr tu keen out of bis way 
Slid to conimonicato the nows of hie 
nppcaniiK'e to their local police stallon 
; immediately. 

Cnestions sro to be asked in P)irlia> 
mont al>out the Giant. Public safely de- 
mands that such a piienomenou as tbo 
Striding Terror sliould not be allowed 
to ruaui the 00011117 at will. Measures 
to safeguaM llie pn&bc nro being diwftcd 
imtiiediBlely. 

At ten o’clock Ibis morning the 
will bmadevest. a mesiugc from aB niutious 
giving the latest new* of the Terror. It 
73 pQMible that ibe B.B.C. will al»o bo 
able to Inoadcsst the Govemmenl’* do- 
cUon with regard to Lite Terror. 

The Striding Terror looked iip at Ibu etmi 
TIo Imd slept late that morning. I’kom the 
snn’s posiiiou it must Iw iieariy ten o’clock. 

One thing woe cssuniial. Ho must tiy to 
Hetcn-in at leu o'clock— 'Tie must find out, 
wimt Uio CovciTimctit intended to do about 

But bow could ho lislcn-inT 

Ho looked dowa at the cycio luid the n«v;*- 

E ra at his fecL The newspaper boy must 
<0100 from a iniall town or village. 
Kvm iu a stnall village thwe were bound to 
bo wirrW. 3pla. 

Tiio Terror wenl forwaiJ v.itli grot strides 
cow, so lliai llto c'htia tlmi ticlJ the ]i»u was 
alwBTs Unit. 

Pi'cseally. for aliead of him. be bow LJiin 
line* uf smoke. Ho was roming iu a villuse. 

Ten inmtili'- later be wu* sliindinp in the 
vilbigc strei't. Not a soul wm In lu' Jeen 
uhc-nbiwc. bnt lookiim over the tops of tho 
small eoUiiKCs the Tcnv.r could sec mu, ill 
dots murine «.-Tos< the IicM«. Tim villdg.ni 
niiisl have sighted him niul i le.vred out nf ilia 
vilUeo as fomi as tbo aknn was raised. 

In tile BBUtre of the \ilUgo waso bnildins 
larger tUuu the rest. U was tlio viUego iun. 
Thu Tent>r realised that tbo village iim was 
almost bound (o possess a lartio set. Would 
it bo jiosiiililr ftii liilii t« gel at itT 
He fliing liiin-*'K 011 tin- gii.und iind peotnj 
43 jnnigii B buy wiiidnv.-. Hr fmciid liimself 
looking into llie lgn' paiUmr. 

.\nd tbrte. fwiiig him iin the uionUr, 
wiu> a wiivleas set. On a siielf at ilic IwGt 
of the ennutec stood a clo<'k. Tbo Terror 
icalised it only needed a minute or two lo 
ten. He bad no time tn wiiato. 

With hi* finger ho detibeialely tapped uut 
llie glass, and then bodily pulled Ihe fsaiiie 
<mi. There was plenty of rnnin for him to 
insert bis arm now. nnd be did eo. 

1 -nckily tho Striding Terror knew every, 
ihing iliare was to bo kiioau about wiivdei-i—* 
.rules Dealer had not been one of Hie wnid a 
most fnnuiin* scienliils for nothing. 

It was mily wilh ih* greatest of difficulty, 
liuwover, that Uie Terror sooceeded in tuning 
III, His lingers appeared to bo tceinenrtou*ly 
ilumsy a* they iiW to uperata the emnil 
kn^B. Bot suddenly the set awoke to life. 

Hu gave the tuniiig-io knob another alight 
turn a°id the spaceb came tlirougb i-Iear. 

. . As promised mlhisniorniog'a pajii-,,, 
wo hasten to give ibe nation the latc'-t m ws 
regarding the Striding Tcrroi'. IhiVumi- u 

157 



lui* come Uirougli LUal lu: uajt seen esrlj' Uii* 
nmniing ueui' (lie villuge at Henilingl^ in 
Hoitfordsltiro, He liad s|i«nt the night in s 
field nd]r>iniiig n fnirnliouse. Ur eviilontl/ 
lirenkfastod at the form, for vrhiw t)>c farm 
folk I'ctomprl the/ found that »ll Ibcir fnod- 
stiiff wM misiiug." 

Ue&pita tiimtielf the Tomr smiled. 

The thin voice continued. 

" A special niectiug of the (lovemmcnt ii 
now taking pluc-e and (lie matter of iiio 
Stikling Terror is under dlscossioii. So for 
the Govununenl’a decisinn luis not t^Brn mode 
Icnown. We understand, however, that there 
is ranch hesitation as to whst is to hr done 
aboul the giant. He appears to bo an urdiiiiiry 
British subject, snil os such is entitled to 
the fail cnnsidenitian of the law. Hr has not 
dune aii^liiog criminoJ. and, os a matter of 
fact, has alrsadj’ performed several note- 
worthy actions iu public welfare since 
arriving in England. 

“ Fur the mujuent, therefore, we ran only 
adrisa our listcnera iu Uertfurdsliire to 
keep on tlie lorjk-ont for any sign of the 
Ternu'. We suggesl. liwt tliey cndotfVQOP fo 
keep cut of his way. Wo shall lifOrKlra-st at 
intervals of • pinrtrr of nn hour unlit we 
know the Government's decision." 

Tho Terror frowned. 

Should he continue to lislon-in 7 It might 
bo an hour nr so before any further news 
came through. 

" Tiiey'l] probably make an attempt to 
rumid me up," lio thought, "They'll pro- 
hatily try tu have me confined somewhere. 
Well, if theT cemo to tank me, 1 sliall bo 
only too ready to meet and talk to Hipm. I 
ran soon eonvinca them lliut 1 am completely 
saue. For the inoment I don't think 1 

Hn withdrew Uis nviii. 

As fte did so tfiere camo a noali from iiuidt' 
Mie bar pnzlour. To tho Terror, of course, 
it was only the Caiatest of eouiidsnud it fnilPtl 
to penolruto his cOniciotvUieiW. 

limiite (o his full heiglit. he Jerked the 
lion’s elmin And continued onwards. 

Hat ihs.t enuh in the barnarluur of the inn 
had been paused by the falUug of an oil 
lamp which had stccil alongside the »<iunler. 
It souulied ou tu the flu»r nml u stream of oil 
poured in the dtrooiion of the firqrlacc, where 
o bright fire was bu.i'uiiig. 

Hvrii ns the Terror left the village so did 
tho oil catch firo. and sonn ihn bar pui'lour 
was a Mazing mfeniu, There was nobody 
in the xiikgc to raise the alum. The um 
Via nn old building iuid it* oncient hcaras 
burned fiercely. 

When he was some ten miles away the 
Tenor turned his head and looked hock. In 
the distance ho saw a dense trail of smoke, Ho 
fruwned. Somexthere Iwhind him was a tre- 
mmduus fire. He shook bu head. Wialuver 
it wa». it Itad nothing to do with him. 

Ha cnixtiniusl onxvnrds. 

The sight of the firx; hrought. the villagw* 
scuUHug Mck from ifieirhiding-plueiui. I^y 
gazed at til© scene in jtupofarticn. One Imlf 
of cho village WM in flamva, aiixl there was 
uo chance ul sax'hig il- 

'■ Tlie xvnrk of llie fiiriding Terror," they 
euaped. ‘‘Tlie .suuner he's destroyed the 
better. Until then tiolaidy'e life or ptuperfy 
will be safe." 



ic MAN-MOU.MTAIN S 
VENGEANCE 



T he atridiug Terror had net lin’ii the only 
person with a persiraal interest in the 
radio antioDncemvnl that morning. 

At Bawyar's Circus very few men Ixad gono 
Iu slerp after the Terror's departure. 

Sam Blunt, the pithlirity man, Ixad carried 
on like a nradraau. 

" \Ve can't let him go," h« raved. "It’s 
the luggeat Ihbig tliat ever happened to us. 
VVe'ye already miidix a snudl fcirtone out of 
liiiQ. If we run only get mir haiidn on Jiiin 
BgaiB and keep him here for several months 

158 



The Terror Fires a Village 

we slwll idl he able lo ictirs for good. We've 
got to follow him un~ne’vv got to get our 
hands uu him ngaio.’' 

So tho nreua linil mads iirepariiiiona. A 
fleet uf fust uars was aassmbfed OJiil a number 
of huge lorries, and on the lorries wore loaded 
stout rnpps, Ixng© nets, and several steal 
imwsars, 

8ani Bluiit hud heen waiting at the railway 
atuliotx in order to get the first issxi© of the 
London newapapcTs. 

" They'ro fiiojidtaisling a message at ten 
o'clock,'’ ho exclaimed. "That ivjll tell ii* 
where the Teniii' " 

No sooner did Blxint leuni tl»l the 
Terror Ixad boeti aecu war" ilrailiugly thou 
he raced for the line of inntor-rars. He 
Jumped inlo the foremoei' one. 

'• He’s Ixeen seen at Ileodii'gly," he cried, 
end us he sMka he rntniaed hu clnlch lunno. 
" We'll pick xtp nexes coiirenxing him thei"." 

The car* disappeared in a ctoud uf dust, 
> uiitl the iieavy lorries rumbled after them. 

Nooriug llcadiugly Sam Biunl bccamo con> 
scions of a poll of smoke nhend. 

" Lnuks like trouble." he cisuidated. 

list’s hope lh« Terror hasn't done any 
(Inmogo. It'll Ikx the biggest calamity in the 
world if the Goveiwmeot deddea to have 
liim dt'stroyed.” 

A mile fnifli Ileiuiliigly the rims ran 
were stoppx'd l-y n puliccmau. Seiu Bliiiil 
Jammed on Ida lirakrs and scwled. 

"Say.” he demanded, "Wliat's the idcu? 
Wc’ro from Sawyer's Oiicira, and we’re sfter 
‘the Striding ’Terror. It’s onr Job to Uike 
him Ixark lo tho riixsjs. My natue’s Blunt— 
Stun Iflniit — ami I'm the man who's been 
given charge of the Terror and ” 

"So much iJw wnrse for you," the po1iri.>- 
inan scowlwl. " The Striding Terror's done 
for himself this time. He was fiere scarcely 
more tiun an hour ago and this is wliat bus 
done. He’s set fire to every Ixikiw xn the 
villitgc." 

Sam shook hk head. 

■“ It beats me," he snixl. "Why on earth 
slrauld the Tenor fire the viilage’ " 

The poliemian shrugged his shuuldeis. 

" I’lii tio good at ixiisweriiig pussies," he 
snagped. •' Th« fact reuxains he xlid wt if, 

Bam Blniit still sho>>h Tiik head, lie hiid 
had iiimw 1.0 do with tlie Biridiuu Terror timix 
uiiyliody else in EngInnxI, and Txod lung ago 
realised iluxi, apart from his liuge sizo. llie 
Terror xras nhsolutely normal. Tiiere had 
hesn tiotliing vicious about him whatsoever. 

" Whrro's the Terror now? " he de- 
nxaiuled. 

“ Tho last xvo Buxv of Iiim lie xv«» heading 
Korlli," answered the poficemaii. 

Burn Blunt dropped buck into his N-at. 

"Well," 1x0 snapiied, “we're going after 
him. if we raxD't go thx-ough The village 
we shall have to imxkt- a detour." 

Even as be spoke be was backing his 
miichtDe. Recklessly lie run it halfway up 
tlie hieh embankment, swung l<i» wheel 
virmnsly round as the vcliivle alippeil bade 
to the roadxray, and then with a fiasli of 
flame from bU oxWaost he vx-es away. 

There xras nn Jnxiht nhoixl .Siun Blunt's 
pluck or ilia dctenuiuulion. 

They circled the burning village (n find 
themBelvea on n sceoRd-cluss road. 

“ We'll slick lo this," rasMd Sam Blunt. 
" We can go round in a kind of semi-cirele. 
If the Tertoi’ slicks l.o the main ixuid tnayfae 
we'll be side to get ahead of him. If wr can 
only do tliat Piu sure wr ran fix him as 
00(01 as lie roinea near enough." 

Uis mouth beinme a hoid straight line. 

" If we do sight him," ho snapped, " we'll 
iiudce un mistoke ahmit getting him. Uiice 
we've got him xre'Jl never give hnn n chanco 
to ereape ns again." 

At It vilineo fifteen miles fui-lhrr on they 
liRnrd thut their ipiarry Imd bveii seea walk- 
ing soma fexT miles to the left, 

Sam Blunt was foeliiig platiged with the 
course of events. The giant wixs still keeping 
to the main rend. 

A furilxer Iweuiy miles brought them to 



tlie main road again, and eii(]ulr!ea lo thU 
district rlirilect the fact that no sign had 
been seen of the Terror, 

" He hnen’t gut as far a* thU, Iben,” mutr 
tered Snm Mlunt with aalisfaclioix. “ Luidtily, 
lie's procuuding along mra of tho linirhest 
stretches of road in Iho country. I dou't 
think thero's a single Imuse on it. Had thore 
licen u town uiiytlniig might have hupiH-ned, 
Tlie clinnccB are he's sitiil on tlie iixid ami 
coming towards us." 

T' ravelling some distance atinig the ivisj. 
Sam pulled up ut the aide of a aiunll lilll. 
In front of him the rmd dipped down into 
B valley. Piolriiig up a strong pair of field- 
glasses, Sxmi climbed Uie hill, and Ixegun U 
sweep the country in the direction fi'Oin xvliieli 
he expected the Terror (o appear. 

Suddenly, Far Ixelow him, he saw ooiRKliing 
moving ammigBl the trees. It was the Terror. 

“ Cush." cried Sam, “ I've oidy Jusl 
spotted him in time. He's turned off th* 
main road and he’s fallowing tliat old Koniou 
tijck. Thunk traudnriis 1 luiow this district 
welt." 

As a miiUcr of fact, Hawyei'a Circus had 
only reeoutly toiireil this particular dislriot. 

At top speed Bam went back to his or. 
and he saw with delight tiial the imgs lirxnu 
lorries were coming .lown tlie road. 

Tve spntted him," he exclaimed. “ Ur'» 
turned on to the old itumaa road. If w« can 
get nheasl of him now he's played right xnln 
«ur liaiidv Gome on." 

Onre Agaiu the cars took part in n mad 
chaw, driving rc.'klviiaiy tiitouglx narrow 
lanes nutil flnnlly they came out to a 
clearing which was creesed by u dusty, 
ohvuonsly iil.lle-nixeri road. 'I'hU was the old 
Rumoii road. 

“ I'ark llio cars xxndor the ticBs." Sum 
snapped. '• Tlds is whera wo got busy." 

The cirens men Lad bp<ni Iraiiiwl to work 
fluickiy. No sooner did the lurries arrive 
tliaii they xepre immediately unloaded. The 
huge hawsers were dragged to the side of Lhri 
iild Kumaii ixuid anil liiddeo amongst tlie 
xmilergnnvth. 

At the edge <if tlie clearing whero it was 
eiiiered by llie road .t number of mi-ii 
awai'Rird up thn trees canying a Ireniendoxu 
net irith them. Several nlfieta firmiy atxmred 
ropes to tlie l«*ps cif various tree trunks. 

Sam RImit was iiu«y too. With two men 
Imlpiiig Uvnx. be was hmyiiig a noose of stout 
rope in tlie roadxeay. A shallow dcpreasimi 
was dug for it. liir rope vras fitted insitle, 
and then dust wus siiiooihed ox'or it, 

IliddDU in the Imslms, u munber of men 
linng on lo tho otlur end of the rope. 

Suddenly tlivre came a cry of warning from 
Olio of Hie tullekt trees. 

“ lie’s coming straight towards n.v,” it 

Uni'unsrionK uf ary danger iu front of him 
Hid Ririding Terror came on. He had lakeu 
t» the old Roiuun read bentuso he'd become 
w'eary of the secmiogly endless main load. 
It sTidrieiily occurred to him that the nmiii 
mud must ^•vl!:ltlIlllI5• lend to some large town. 

-M the moment tiie Terror was rather 
Beared of large towns. There was nn know- 
ing what son of reception lie wonld receive. 
He must keep to the conatrysiile— Co plares 
where he would Iiavs plenty of soojie (ii 
move. Tliia xva* neoeiAvry until he knew 
wliat douisiuii Hio natluu had coma to con- 
cerning him. 

With bated brenlii Sum Blunt waUhiuj his 
approach. 

Wxndd the giant set hi-, foot down in tlu- 
centre uf Hie nnose made liy the rope? It 
he actually trod i.m the rune then the wliolc 
pbxu for c.'ipluring him might conic lo noiiglil. 

A yell of triumph atiuoat escupril liiin. 
For the Terror's foot had come riglit dinvii in 
the vory ceiitie of Hie hidden noose. 

Exmii before tlio Terror had j-bici'd lOI lux 
weigixt upon liiBl leg t!m ineii lioliliiig the 
olhor end of the vtouL rope hauled with all 
their uiight. slid tlio noose olid over the 
Terror's loot lo fasten n-und hie ankle, fl- 
was Hinseious of a |.«rriflo Jerk. T&kru ami 
pletely oH his halaiice, he pitched forwnnl. 

Marcli 10, 1931 — SCOOPS 



The Capture of the Giant Man 



Pespriiitcty he flung out Lis ham!s to grasp 
al Ulo tre^ninks. Kis vnigUt wna ni'b, 
hownver. Hint th« bram-hes »u«i>p«I iik* 
tuigft and lie pitcb^ lioavily on Lu head ami 
ahoiildn'. 

Came a trrmpudmi* uolae from tlie tiiea 
tops s3id lluui (lie Luge n«l bad faUen. From 
111! sides tiu'n t ame runniug. Facli man knew uent. 
exactly wliul be bad (o do vicl bo pruceednl •• You've got 
to tki it, «••... 

ITte ro[iPa that had lied to the 
truuld were fltmg acrum iko net. A ns 
of oien JeaH witJi lbs ateel hawnuv. ' 
were flung over tbo gisiit's inert /rame. 

Tim fall had dazeil the Terror and /or a 
full minute he was iitoapable of offering any 
I'csixlatice. Tliis whs ample lima fur llie 
rimu hands tti t'uinplete LLuir work. 

Tiie aleel baw'tcra were maile fast, llie 
r'>)ie* firmly tied and tho stuut net was 
>,etm«Iy iteggetl on. 

I’ho SCi idmg Terror, bis brain suddenly 
I'leanng, made an effort to turn over. ile 
iMiJy hstf Kurceeded, 

Uis face berame black with anger as ho 
tealiaed what had happened. 

The rireiiH men aloud appalled at tile rSorbi 
be made to escape. Ilia straagth was such 
that for ono brealhleas minute lltoy wero 
scared he was going to suectwd. 



Tho Striding Tenor looked at him 
faehiou. " ' ' 

speech. 

■■ It's my brad." lie gaeped. '"It aeenw 
nn fire. My thruul is burnmg loo. I most 
have eumctliiiig to drink. Water— water 1 ” 
6am BJnut's eyes bevtono wldo with extito- 



lo lift yonr brad up a 
he and. " I'm not lukin* the risk of 
lousensif; a single rupe. I'll lieJd the hnuket 
"**■ up to jronr inoalb." 

leao The Terror levrrrd up liia brad and 
alwuldrra a IHt’e ivu>. Ram hetd the bucket 
to Ilia lip*. Of nmrsr, niiKe a let of tha 
water in tbo burkcl wa.s lost. But Sam's 
ryes gliirlcid, for it seemed to him tbnt tUo 
I'i'rrar bmi swnllowcd si least bait of thu 
ih-it biiokel . and tlial wolcr wns nry 



liesvily dm 
8am Tllant 
Ihk lime. 



Bnt lliey haiPdono their job too well. The 
Slridhie ^ 



hii miguty airenelli < 
Jlea.'- • 

a^ncaide the Terror's 
•• Weil, Terror," 1 



trapped and for 
' no avaiL 
safe 8am TUont 



ri ilaied the gisinl's body and the ropes iwlding liim 
Ho seemed olmost luviipuldo of duwn were loosened. 

They bnd just unpejaed one aiibi of tlio 
uet, when the terrible Uiing Uappriirtl. 

For niddeniy the tremendoua frame of the 
Striding Teiror became imbued with life. 
HU huge arms swung out and swept ilip net. 
away, knocblog men over IHie ninepins. 'I'wu 
of ihem were dong head first againat tliu 
lipnk of a tree, and they crumpled up at il.s 
Umc, unrimarieua. 

Tlie Tciror gave a roar of anger, and fur 
a luomcnt the men round him were paralys'd 
with fright. They ronid only •larr. Wiiy 
lutd tho Terror awakened ao quickly f 
•'Run for your livea!” iiime a fraiilxo 
veil. •• HoTl destroy us allt Run tor ill 
Him!" 

Sua Dlnnt tried to rally thran, bnt aa t!i.» 
Striding Terror jerked biinsnif to bia feet ro 
did Saiu'a iron imivo Iircak. With his L:<<i 
a maak of fear he ubirleil on his heals. 

The Terror looked round him and saw -Ibo 
line of lorrief and the parked can. Di< fnro 
waa still working witli atifpr, yet, at tho 
sanin timi!. tliere was s faint bIo*u» of amusc- 
ment in his eyes. For be had hnodainkeii 
Sam Blont so easily. 

He had only pTetended In feel faint. Ho 
had asked Sam Rlunt to give him water 
driiberateiy. Inste"d of swallowing it, how- 






mined to make s 



.tod luilf of it." be cried. 
** I'H get yon lonia more.” 

.Ah ha tamed Bw.iy .w> did tho Stsbling 
Terror fnll bad, and bis head Iciilrd side- 
ways away from Saiij. 

A few ir.urales inter Sam woe back •witli 
anotliof bocket. The per/orniooco was i*- 
pealml and llie Stritlitig Terror swallowed 
anoibor linll of Hie water. Sam was 



IN 



id, " we'xe got yon 



=SCOOPS= 



NEXT WEEK 



" Why do ynu do thia lo me ! " lie cried. 
" Why don’t you loa\« me aJunof " 

Sam shook his head. 

••Why don't Tou be sensible?" bo 
snappedl " I'oit knirw perfectly well tho 
Government won't allow you Lo wander aboiifc 
ibs connlrysida on yonr own. You wwro 

S uite i-omfurtabla with us at the circus. Why 
ou't you make up your mind to conw hack 
lo un wilhont making any fuss: I aasure 
you tb&l as long as you stay wiUi us you're 
safe. If you refuse, well— goodness oniv 
knows what will happen lo you. Tou'Il 
probably be IcilM aa a iiublic danger.” 

TTie Terror shook Iib ueod. 

" I'm helpless at the luonient," he said, 
" liut I shall not be so for king," 

Ho refused to make any further nirament.. 
Presently Sam Blunt eamo towaida iiim 
carrying a laiy^ bucket of water. 

•• Th^ fall most have shaken ynii up a bit. 
Terror," bo said. " lloro — take a swig at 
this,'* 

Tim Terror's eyes narrowed. 

" ni take no drinks from you," he said. 
" You drugged me auco and I'll give you no 
cipportuiiity of doing so again. 1 jiiefer tu 

* -Sam shriiggei] his shoulders. 

'• I’leaso yourself, ” be said. " T don't sup- 
pose it's any gnoxl telling you that this water 
isji't drugged." 

The Terror Aook Iiis bead. 

.Shui put tlio bucket down and walkei) 
away. 

Onn* Again the Striding Terror tried lo 
loosen Iii'i bauds. He knew (lut lira position 
was is[»enite. Boon the news of Ida cnplnro 
would bo broBdeast. Biglitseers would 
npiiwur like inagii'. Maylio, too, tho Oiiveni- 
isenl. would aend soldiers. Hn moal get 
away— and quickly. How l•oo^f| he? 

•An idea came to him. Bam Blunt must he 
feeling aiixicnu too. He must be wanting to 
him back to the circuB. Moybe ho eoiild 
fool Sara il lio pretended to piny into bia 
bands. 

-And indilenly thn Terror began to gnian. 
lie groaned as tlHiugb ha were atifieriiig 
in I Bum pain. 

The- sound of tbnee groinu brought Sam 
Blnut Voich on the sccm post hoate. 

•■ WhiitS th« tnalter? ’’ ho gesped, " Yon 
didn't hart ynuraeif serioady when yati feB, 



ir The Peal erf Death orwlle! 

r1niD( Hnil fallins In a terrible melt 

★ The Spirit of Speed *i,“ 

end imaalneHon of to-tnorrow. 

ALSO 

Further Epieedea ofr— 

if Master of the Moon 
if Space 

if Voice From the Void 



“SeSr* 



OUT NEXT THURSDAY 



20. 



Rocket Ships 
are coming 

The rocket end epace thlpt e> ta-d<y, and 
the deslfne for the rocket oklaa of Ifie 
fotme. opened out end explelaed for you 
ia a epe^el pUtnre-artlele next week. 



dill 



1.1? " 



Tbo Slridjng ierrnr liari awallowcd twice 
na mueli of ihe drug aa he had when S.-ini 
had firtt adniiniatereil it to him, Tliere who 
no diHibb about tim Terror bebig In lih power 

A Illtlo ilistancn away Sum stimd iimJ 
watched. Presrtilly tile Slviiliug Tcvn.r 
aeanrd In relax. Then Sam upproiiriici] iilm 
cantiouely. lie wiih adeeT). 

lUie cireva huiidt crowded rouud ex- 
citedly. 

"Tlio drug's made him unconarinua," fliey 
sBiJ, ■• We' wi got him flow, lie'll prohobiy 
sleep 111! the way ha.k lo Mnybury." 

I'm going to Jiiahe sure," Sail) Bhiiit 

Ho raced la hit oir. AFlieii lie rclmr.Bt 
be wtB tiolding a knife fully u foot lung. 
Kara (Hiucd it over tiu* giant's arm. 

" Tm tticking l.hie iilln liliti." ho snapped. 
" If ho doesn't flbich we shall know that 
the ilriq( 1ms done its work projierly." 

Of ronwe. jabtiiBg tlio gUnt in the nm 
with the knife was l.ikn jabbing iJie arm of 
ui ordinnry tnan with a pin, Sam Illuul 
druro it in bard, but it proitucecl no effect 
whataumer. 

•'Bring up tho l>ig lorry," bo ordeird, 
nodding Ills Iiead in KaliH&x-tloti. '* We'U 
get Ihiwe ropes ami bnWHeni out of the way 
hihI get him aluiurd Lho lorrt' at once. .Tamp 
to il. We want In bs away from herr beforo 
Him otfiriois tarn up tu Inlerferi' with us." 

'I't'.B attwj hawaers w«-ro dragged away from 



SCOOPS— M«rrh ]0, 1934 



aidewayn lie had ailou-ed the walrr in hi.t 
luruitli tu flow oaf. again. Of roiime ho had 
fell the priidc of Bmii Blimt'k knife, but ha 
had sleekd liim»«lf not to show • Ircmtir. 

ITo lient OV6V llw Inige lurry now, and with 
B mighty heave Jrited it from lho ground. 
Then he fliuig it down agarn, wlieru it lay a 
jumbled mam of anushed umi'liioery and 
Bplinfcred woml. 

Every uno of the lorriei ho treated in 
similar fnhinn, then hs advaueeit n|uiii tho 
•Oiia. In easy fiuliiou he lifted llieso bigli 
airive ^ head to send them erasbing down 
to Birth, ^^^len he wuh through, llic dfbris 
uf the ahaUereJ lloet^of cars liltrml the 
clearing. 

'llie Biriding Terror itad made ani'o that 
Stun Blunt ami the rest uf the circus wwlil 
W Hiublo to follow liim for* very long time. 

I’eeriiig rnond him rather anxionsly, tho 
Terror spoUod the h'oQ, which had aivi bmt 
netted find was lying trnsjwd up under h iree. 

He freed the animal from the net and took 
hold uf the clwln. Then Its louked in <bu 
dlrectwn teken hy Kam Blunt. Hie voico 
went iKtoming over the tree t^e. 

" I warn you to korqi ont uf my w.ay,” ho 
cried. '* Next time you intcrfeic with m>« 
I iilnll not ronftna niy anger to ttiei'u 
marhirowT ’* 

Titen with the lion walking beside him ha 
vent striding crai nf the Hearing. 

Tka BirMiBg Terror Is Bway again, wkh ba‘l 
CnglBBil ancr him | Mere tbrll e and atartUna 
adTentarce in neat week'a grIppiBg epteode. 

159 






1,500 

for boys and girls who like 

s 



of delidoiB 

things to eat from Fry's; enter this Grand Competition 
to-day. Ask at the sweet shop for Fry's Big New Id. Bar 
of Chocolate Creum, and get your &ee entry form with iu 
No entrance fee, Only one simple picture puzzle to 
solve. Competitors will be divided into three age-groups 
—A for entrants not over 8, B for ages 9 to 12, C for 
ages 13 to 15. No one over 13 may enterl Get a id. bar 
of Fry’* Chocolate Cream to-day and use the entry form 
which comes with it. 1,500 prizes 
girl has an equal chonoe. 



..V BOXES 

crammed with good things from Fry’s 



SECOND PRIZES 

200 SELECTION BOXES 



CONSOLATION PRIZES 

1,250 i-LB BLOCKS 

of Fry's Milk Chocolate 

I. 3, FRY & SONS LTD., SOMERPAl-E. SOMERSET 



NEW NUMBER NOW ON SALE 



NEWNES 



PRACTICAL 

'Mechanics 




I COMPLETE 

m ELECTRIC 
CLOCK 
^ SYSTEM 



BATTERY AND 
•• MAINS 



THIS i 

2 c.k 



I issue surpasses 
subject matter all 
previous numbers. The 
field of interest is greatly 
enlarged and the number 
of illustrations increased. 
Articles wbieb make an 
immediate appeal are : 
Making a Battery Operated 
Clock System for the 
Home, Deep Sea Diving, 
A Scale Working Model 
Road' Tractor, Garden 
Railways, Modern Petrol 
Engines, Model Aircraft, 
The British Power-Grid 
System Explained, 
Mechanical Drawings, 
Making Dry Cells at Home, 
Making Celehium Cells, 
Radio Aids for the Deaf, etc. 
This fascinating journal . 
surveys and brings to 
your fireside the whole 
range of modern scientific 
achievement. 



THE HOME. 



PRACTICAL 

'Mechanics 



Oblainalfle ai all 
and Dooksla^h, er by past r 
jnn Ceorgt A’ratws, Ltd., 
8-11, Sokthamp'xn Strott, 
Strand. London. ff’.S.i. 



D 



UBanriia otrpec, ijonucu, W.L.,, : 

^ fkl. int 6 luMilhj or 1 



•uIilTUl OTiIIW* AXIt OdfC-1. I.ii 
MITOI. Au. . 

1 . H*»nrrrT» &TaBi.T. V«'‘inr C> 



■ UuiIlUb::-. 






