
Not: a hoard, but a manageable number, who taken together cover much 
'Of the geographic area of the counify. You will find some of your 
naines, addresses and dossiers withir^ 

On a somewhat mercenary note, I find that riy effort to bring this 
missive to you as a good will gesture will not be able to continue 
beyond this issue, ’."he paper, postage, time, and your odd sized 
envelopes are just too much. So if you want to stay with us, here 
aro your options: 

(1) Send me a measly Si. 00 and I’ll send you issues #3,4 and 5. 

(21 Each of the above. 

If I am going to run your want lists and lists of your current tape 
collections, I rather suspect that these future Issues will have to 
be put into larger envelopes. For those who do nat care to send me 
the dollar, I bid you a hearty farwell. As before, the remainder of 
this page is reserved for personal replies, but since there are now 
so many nf you, please do not feel alighted if rh* space is blank. 


THIS ISSUE IS BEING SENT TO OF YO”. 


- 1 - 



Afs montioned last time, if you are Interested, these pages coulci 
include the credits of certain performers that would he of particulr^r 
interest to collectors. Herewith a sample ... the follcwmu 411 

feature the well known British horror actor CHKIS'l'OPlitU LLbi If tnvs 
shows are on in your area you might watch for then. Tnreed. i.uease 
consider tho Alfred Kitehcoek episode as hwlnq on ny <vwic wai'.i-. I'.fl . 
Avengers is being run here now, so 1 will watch for those myself. 







^ -fthi: cause of the color "aww" on set durinf; black and white recording A 

is due to tJxe station showing a black and white movie on a “loj fil*' chain, with the I 
"color buist" of tiie camera kept on. Tliis fools your set, which in trying to make a 
proper color picture out of a black and >dtiie one, only manages to make a sneared, 
"sparkly" inage. Call the offending station and ask for Master Cbncrol, and mention 
the problem I explained; I’ve done it before locally, with the result usually being 
tJie poor engineer apoligizing profusely and a proper picture pc^^ing on tJie screen 
Seconds after my call. 


and non-Sony Betamax tape should be coming out in aboit 60 days or so from 
i one otttcr unknown manufacturer, but it's dodotful that their products 
nuai less than Sony's, due to S^'s insistance on selling tlie cassette 
the tape coii>anics, rather than letting them make their own 13etamax boxes. 



TlPSi Mare else sends along the following re: editing out commercials: 

^ I haro fouid tlat with just a little patienw, it's 

not really that Iiard to edit out coBticrcials and bridge slides (the art cards that 
occasionally pop between Uk: program and a cotsercial). for 1>est results, note the 
tome the station goes to tlicir ccciaercial break, let Ow recorder roll for a few noro 
seconds, rewind it and cue it (by trial and error) to U» exact point right before the 
eomricrcial begins, and stop the nadiinc. Keeping in mind tJiat almost all cormercial 
breaks in local Ti' are 1 minutes in length, switch tlx: madiine into record with the 
pause COTtrol locked in position about 15 seconds before end of tiic break, anU re- 
joaso It as the corr.ercial or program slide goes to black, just as the program is be- 
giminis to fade up. Generally, using tiic Ectanax controls in tJiis manner will result 
in adociuate edits about 00 or 701 of the tine; perhaps one out of three edits will 
"break 15)" on die screen for a second or so. Haarc is no easy way I know of to modify 
tju; 'jjut to make perfect edits every time, unfortunately, though I'o still looking into 
tla; matter. I'm also djecl.ing out the possibility of slow-, fast, and/or reverse-nution, 
as well as using the pause control for a still frame picture. ^ 




SUGGESTED GUIDELINES TO TRADING (sort of) 

I have racked my brain in an attempt to come up with suggested 
guidelines for trading, selling, lending and what not, of our tapes. 
There are so many combinations of possible arrangements involving 
varied types of material, that suggesting comprehensive guidelines 
now seems to me to be either impossible or of no real service to you 
Having said that, I offer the following: 


On a straight hour for hour trade of material taped off the 
air, each party should use his own tape, pay his own postage, and 
make no charge. Two half hours should be considered the same as one 
hour long show. The difference in effort is not worth quibbling over 

If one person lends out a tape for viewing and return, the 
lendee should pay postage and packing both ways. 


As to taping off the air for someone who offers no similar 
service in return ... well, folks, it's up to you. I, personally, 
have little time for this and would probably not do it, and go to 
the trouble of dropping out commercials, for less than $10 an hour, 


As to sending someone a tape in order to allow it to be copied 
or copying it yourself and sending it off, 1 can't help but feel 
that the nature of the material involved comes into play. I would 
hope that we could keep fees on this to a minimum, and try to let 
the desire to share overcrane the urge to profit. 

TYPES OP MATERIAL 

There are at least 9 identifiable types of material that we will 
be dealing with: 

(1) Regular current network shows . Example: This weeks episode 
of M.A.S.H. This catagory would also include network reruns, such 
as Sanford and Son which is on in the morning five days a week. 

(2) Syndicated Reruns . Examples: Greenacres, The Avengers, 
and The Munsters, which are available to local stations, but are 
only being run in certain parts of the country at any one time. 

(3) Syndicated Shows . Examples: Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman, 
1999, and Monty Python, which arc not reruns, but arc still only 
being shown in certain parts of the country. 

(4) Syndicated Movies . Examples: Bogart, Charlie Chan, and 
Frankenstien movies being shown somewhere or other most of the time. 
These of course are more desirable if the commercials are out. 


(5) Pay-Cable Material . Examples: First run movies, special 
events, and film^Tiot 'otherwise available off the air, which are 
shown on Home Box Office, Warner Star Cable, some other pay cable 
system or on systems in hotels. 

(6A) 16mm film/tape (TV) x Available . Examples: Any TV show 
such as those in catagories (1), (2), or (3) which are currently 
available, but which were not taped off the air. Rather they were 
produced by turning s 16m.T. film into a cassette tape by use of 
special equipment. 


(6B) 16mni film/tape (TV) ; Not Available . Examples: Amos and Andy, 
Life of Riley or any tape made from a film of a TV show which is 
no longer on the air in syndication or otherwise. 

(7A) 16mm film/tape (Movie) : Available . Examples: King Kong, 
or any film available in catagories (4) or (5) but which was 
produced from a 16mni print, rather than off the air. 

{7B) 16min film/ tape (Movie) : Not Available . Examples: Obscure 
films, "porno" titles, silent movies, or whatever that is not 
available off the air in any of the above catagories. 

(8) Off the Air : How Unavailable . Examples: Recordings made 
by you early ta pesters of specials, talX shows, aerials, variety 
shows, and whatever that were current at the time but which by 
their nature are not li)cely to ever be rerun. The CBS News or a 
beauty contest would be other good examples. Many of the shows in 
catagories (1) , (2) , and (3) will fall into this catagory as 
time goes on. 

(9) Prerecorded Material. This could be almost anything. It 
is expected that Sony will soon be bringing this sort of thing 
out in the Betamax format. It is already available on cassettes 
that are played on 3/4" tape equipment. 

Of course, there are others: home movie type tapes that you make 
yourself, tapes of local live events that become catagory (8) 
material the instant they are over, and who knows what all. But, 
the point of all this is to say that it would seem that items 
in catagories (1), (2) and (3) and, to a lesser extent, those in 
catagories (4) and (5) are common enough that they should be con- 
sidered of nearly equal value for trading purposes. But, the others, 
particularly those in catagories (6B) and (7B) , should command a 
price of some sort, not only because of their relative rarity, but 
also because a certain investment was required to obtain them in 
the first place. As among ourselves I offer no suggested prices at 
this time, but I hope we will be able to counteract somewhat the 
big time bootleg tape dealers who will be on the scene someday 
just as surely as you are reading these words. 


A word on CONDITION : The condition or quality of your reception 
should also have a bearing on the value of 
your tapes. I would welcome any suggestion re: a quality standard 
that we could all refer to. This should include such things as 
clarity of picture, commercials, momentary interference, and, in 
the case of movies, the quality of the print shown by the TV station. 


ITEM: I'd like to say a word in defense of commercials. Naturally 
you don't want them in the middle of Gone With The Wind. But 
with respect to current network shows, I feel that they have a 
certain historical value, and as we all know (pack rats that we 
are) it is the throw away culture of today that is so highly sought 
after tommorrow. I hope to have a word for TV archivists next issue. 





Da you start a Botomax Vlrtoo Cassette the sarae vay as I do? After I have 
placed the videocasaette Into the Betatax and 1t*« r»'.idy to go (prwHrioH t 
have the tine ana tr.ere's no ruth) 1 always first push rewind. This gets ne | 
about 3^ extra units (on the dlrltal counter} of videotape to use. I have I 
tinod my 60 minute videocassettes and found most of then to be 62 rain. 3? sec.i 
long. ■ 








Electronics Industry (an English version of 
Ija Japanese magazine) sent in by Dale Johnson, SOO 
ij Stella Drive, Madison, Alabama 3S7S8. At present 
1 1 Dale is working with a 3/4" cassette unit and is 
1 1 interested in obtaining Superman shows and flash 
|!Gordon serials. lie has also sent me an article 
’’ about the new Sanyo V-Cord IZ which is not yet on 


auiV'di,n|Kr. tiiv irusicr iMiich <>n - the mazlcet, but is of interest because it will (by 


'Utilizing a slower speed) be able to use a 2-hour 
^jl/2 inch cassette, will perhaps have more on this. 

’ 1 had heard from other sources that Sony may give 
''Up on the 90 minute cassette, and bring out a 






For those of you who are just joining us this issue I repeat... 

^ Who am I? Well ... I'm a 36 year old staff director for 

one of the legislative staffs of the Florida House of 
Representatives. I have large comic book collection (ECs 
Carl Barks, etc.), but am relatively inactive in that now. 

I also have something of an original art collection which 
includes Barks, Frazetta, and quite a few pieces by H.H. 
Knerr (The Katzenjaramer Kids). My Betaraax is plugged into 
a Muntz 50" projection-type TV, the heart of which is a 

Sony Trinitron. I am primarily interested in trading for 
my wants with serious collectors who can afford to engage in an 
expensive hobby like this one. I will do my best to accommodate you 
... so long as it is within reason. We can trade TV Guides, want lists, 
lists of our collections, or any way you would like to handle it. 
Naturally, there are too many of us to work with all at the same time, 
but is my hope that we can form some sort of loose network and each 
find others with whom we can most easily cooperate axtd benefit from. 


^ Personal WftNT LIST 

In addition to the specific 
episodes listed at the left, 
and the Hitchcock show men- 
tioned earlier, I am looking 
for virtually anything that 
the British actress Hazel 
Court appeared in. I do not 
as yet know her full TV credit 
so there may be many. Films 
of particular interest would 
be! Devil Girl From Mars, The Raven , and The Man Who Could Cheat Death . 

In addition l would be very interested in any local talk show or what 
not that features Mamie Van Doren or the famous fan dancer Sally Rand, 
would also be interested in Miss Van Doren's film: The Private Lives of 
Adam and Eve . T.here arc of course many others. But these are the ones~^at 
1 siiand^ ready to commit time, tape or ready cash to. Help me if you canl 



I have a particularly close acquaintance who also has an insatiable lust 
for certain films. She assures me that she is ready to place cash on the 
barrel head, or whatever else may be agreed to in order to hold in her 
own two little hands Betamax video tape cassettes containing the following 
Destry Rides Again (!Il)« The Bobo WaDcabout 

Arsenic and Old Lace Tom Jones Alice's Adventures in Wonderland 

Tales of Hoffman Harat/Sade (with Peter Sellers) 

(She doesn't even care if they have commercials in 'em) 


One of my more local contacts is: Ralph Plumb, 1150 89th Ave. North, 

St. Petersburg, Florida 33702. Ralph has a way of calling people on the 
phone no matter where in the country they may live. He has just been 
hooked up to Home Box Office, and says ho would like to hear from you. 


Would appreciate any suggestions you might have as to the future of this 

little venture. l am not looking to going into a major business by any 

means, but 1 could entertain the notion of selling advertising space, 
or of duplicating your contributions from camera ready copy, as I have 
already done in this issue. All of your letters and comments are welcome! 







NOTE: Keep in mind that pages 10-12 are primarily directed at users 
of 3/4" tape cassette decks. However, much of what Joe has 
to say is of interest to all of us. Many thanks, Joe! 


3/4" LI-hATIC EXCHANGE NOTES 


According to Jim's list there are enough of us to set iq) an exchange 
program for U-Matic users. 

For 3 few issues I will be providing you readers with a couple of 
pages dealing with our format. To begin with wo really need to contact 
some people who have access to Home Box Office or Ivamer Cable because 
there is a great deal of prograjiming there that cannot be received 
otherwise. I have an idea that I think will work. If wo make up 
enough fliers about war exchange organization and leave them at various 
video sales outlets wo might contact new people in urban areas. I 
notice that on our list there are no people from San Francisco, Los 
Angeles or New York/Boston. These are areas we definitely need to 
ccmplete our growing organization. 

I propose that we all send Jim $S to cover printing and distributing 
costs. This Stanpea-Addressed aivelope thing just will not cover his 
effort. If we have the money to afford this sophisticated equipment 
we can certainly afford to help Jim out in his duplicating and filing 
costs. It’s better to solve our problems before they happen so send 
him money as soon as possible. 

1 thought we would discuss ma^zines available that ncaild be of interest 
to us. The first (and best) is Yidgo^rapim. Vidoogi^pliy has only been 
out four ronths now and is by far the closest geared to home-u.se of 
video equipment. It only costs $5 per year or SIS for three years. It 
is printed on heavy stock and runs over 60 pages per issue. The July 
issue, for exanqsle, had articles on the London Videodisc Conference, 

.Nam June Paik and satellite cable systems. U retails for $1 a copy 
so a three year subscription will save you the expensive hassle of SIO 
renewals each year. That SIS price is for charter meoJ>ers so you should 
get on the ball and send them some money at ViDEOGRAPHY 

750 Third Ave. , 

New York, NY 10017 

They still have back issues available and I receomend that you purchase 
them all because there is so much information concerning video there. 

^fcmorcx publishes a free publication entitled Soon. Scan is technical 
in content and siaall in size, but it is free. The latest issue discussed 
basic playback systems and monitors vs. receivers. . It is available frem 

Memorex 

P.O. Box 420, 

Santa Clara, CA 95052 

Televieione is a quarterly piiilication frooi Washington, D.C. and concerns 
the "independent" approach which covers everything from portapacs to 
home use. It lists for $1.50 an issue and looks like the old Rolling 
Stone magazines. They give a price break to individual subscribers. 
5iHa-$10 for ten issues to TELEVISIONS 

P.O. Box 21068, 

Washington, D.C. 20009 


- 10 - 



An excellent technical publication dealing with video is Educational 
& Industrial Television. It lists for $1.25 an issue and costs $12 
for 12 issues. I'm dropping my subscription becaise I have been 
reading it for tv.x> years and have learned all I really need to know 
about tliat area. Videography will keep you up-to-date on the latest 
technical develoixnents and equipment, but for those of you who want 
a good backgroiffid in the tecJaiical end send money to 

EDUCATIONAL & INDUSTRIAL TV 

607 Main Street / 

Ridgefield, Conn. 06857 

A small, but enjoyable publication is Miduest video Neua. If you don't 
know about it Jim Lucas, you should. Jim is in Chicago with a JVC 
U-Matic. I've dropped my subscription after two years also because of 
Videography but if you live in the midwest it is a must to subscribe 
if only for a schedule of things going c« there. The cost is $8 for a 
year smd they publish a 8 1/2 x 11 inch format magazine like ours. 

WIDL Video 

5325 North Lincoln Ave., 
Chicago, IL 60625 

There certainly are more and if you would like to share them witli others 
that subscribe to this newsletter drop me a line (Joe Mazzini, Box 179, 
Arbuckle, CA 95912 j. 

Incidentally, we're looking for someone who has both cassette formats. 

If you know anyone who has a U-klatic and Betamax tell him that we'll 
give him a free year's subscription. Someone soncplace must exist be- 
caase we exist. Right? 

Future articles from me will discuss Sony's technical publications 
(which require sifting in order to find senjething applicable, but there 
is always sennething dealing with home video use) and the many fine books 
that deal with consumer and indepedent video. 

I did want to mention this time that there are 90 minute U-Matic tapes 
available. They are manufactured in Switzerland by DuPont and are Cobolt 
energized CRO2. Nbst places sell them for anything from $40 to $50 each. 

SouTWESTERN AiDio VISUAL. P.O. Box 1682. Hutchinson. Kansas 67501 

sells them for only $34.95 plus shipping which runs about $2 for UPS. 

I've used ray one tape over and over as a test and it stills functions 
perfectly. No head-gunming or janning. It has still-frame capability 
which means that it has a good binder. This conpany also sells Sony KCA-60' 
for $24.95 each in quantities of 12. 

I'd like to hear from any of you who have tried cheaper tapes. Cramer 
is offering KCA-60's for only $16 in quantities of 48. They list for $19 
and are CRO2. 

RUMOR HAS IT THAT A 120 MINUTE KCA TAPE IS ON THE WAY!:: 

STUDIO TAPE EXCHANGE at 366 West libiH Street. New York 10036 

is selling used video tape (Sony, ^l and Fuji) for $14 per 60 minute 
cassette, which sounds just too good. They also have their own fresh 
brand for $19 each (quantity discounts available). Good luck with it. 


- 11 - 



