g».

 

 

PLOT GENIE ROMANCE

drama. for the simple reason that it cases to be drama of any kind.
Any variety of drama, including all forms of ﬁction, must convey
that essential illusion of reality. If it: does not, it: is only an inef'
fective bit of wriuhg, a spoiled wad of White paper, and not meIOI
drama or anything else.

In the historic sense, adopted by modern dictionaries, melov
drama is not necessarily “wild and woolly," or highly sensational.
It need not be composed of terriﬁcally exciting, haivraising, spine!
chilling situations‘ and episodes. On the contrary, innumerable
famous and popular melodramas rely on romance and sentimentality
in the main, while the thrﬂh’ng adventures arising from the conﬂict
between heroism and villainyr are largely incidental. The dictionary
recognizes this fact when it defines melodrama as that form of
imaginative writing Which it “characterized by sensational or ro-
mantic incidents-“

What is melodrama? Practically speaking, it comes pretty near
being the essential element in a story. The absurdity of decrying
it is better understood if one realizes that there can hardly be any
story in the real sense without at least some melodrama in its make
up. In my textbook, on the writing of the domestic comedy,
“Landingthe Editdr’s Checks," I remarked:

“Melodrama belongs in the domain of comedy by virtue of its
happy ending, and there are liberal chunks of melodrama 1'1; nearly
all good domestic comedies. For what is melodrama, after all, but
something interesting and exciting happening? If you haven‘t got
at least a- suspicion of melcdrama, you wilI come perilously near
having no story, but only a sketch."

A situation or a plot becomes melodramatic, almost- as a. matter
of course, just as soon as something interesting and thrilling begins
to develop in the story. In fact, you are extremely likely to run
into melodrama immediately you create deﬁnite plot value and
dramatic action. It may not be what you understand by the words

[12]

 

 

