4,.

 

 

PLOT GENIE ROMAN CE

“melodrama" and "melodramatic," but your failure to grasp deﬁnir
tions does not change their meaning.

iLike other literary instructors and critics, I am often asked to
deﬁne the essential diﬂerences between melodrama and tragedy.
In the historic and accepted sense, inherited by us from all the gen,
emtions of writers back to the days of Homer and the great Greek
dramatists, there are two wide divisians of imaginative drama—a
term that covers practically all ﬁction. They are comedy and
tragedy. The former is distinguished by its happy ending, and
melodrama is merely its chief subdivision. ,

{The mark of tragedy, on the contrary, is a fatal and moumful
issue. In the classic sense, not closely regarded nowadays, a tmgedy
must be lofty, spacious, vast, sublime; it. should tell the dirge of
somebody who matters. Nearly all of the classic tragedies deal
with the actions and misfortunes of illustrious persons in vain con,
ﬂict with Fate, and they have unhappy endings of fatalityj sorrow,
and frustration. In our more democratic day, tragedy-eif it goes
over at all—is given wider range and signiﬁcance. Any human be
ing is represented and accepted as a tragic ﬁgure—a woman of the
slums, perhaps, in preference to a Medea or a Lady Macbeth.

The material of melodrama is used With a lavish hand in all
great tragedies. The plots and the incidents are distinctly smsa'
tional, romantic, and melodramatic The difference is that the
dramatic action is so developed that the unhappy ending of fatality
and sorrow bemmes logically inevitable. Melodrama and tragedy
'use the same tools. Tragedy cuts to the death with them. Melor
:clrama does not.

\Vhe’n you are inclined to wrinkle the scomful brow at melo/
drama, reﬂect that it' was written very voluminously by Homer,
Aeschylus, Sophocles, Euripides, Racine, Shakespeare, Cervantes,
and all the other great storyrtellerst Sometimes they developed it
into tragedy, but often they were satisﬁed to work it out as straight
melodrama, The Greek invention of the dens ex machine: is assem-

[13]

g.

 

 

