g».

 

 

PLOT GENIE ROMANCE

“We can now see how it is that as between narrative strong in
emotional conﬂict but weak in a revelation of character, and narra>
tives rich in character revelatian but weak in conﬂict, the latter
makes the higher or mbre intellectual appeal while the former wins
approbation mainly from immature and unsophisticated minds.
Violent conﬂicts with little regard for character produce the melo’
dramatic literature of the adolescent reader. Characterrmrealing
anels, like Babbitt, and sketches- like most of the documents in
William Allen White's “In Our Town," and many of the shorter
m‘itings of Galsworthy, Chekhov, and Sherwmd Anderson ﬁnd
their audiences altogether among people of discriminatmg intelli’
gence.
“The chief difference between these two general types of appeal
is that melodrama being untrue to life, has no signiﬁcance; and ‘cuIr
tivated readzrs are interested only in those things, even entertain!
meats, Which have some meaning. As Professor Pitkin states the
issue: Melodrama gets somewhere but means nothing, whﬂz un’
dramatic character writing gets nowhere but means something.

“The supreme narratives combine in a notable degree both
strong emotional conﬂict and character‘revealing action. Both these
ideals of drama are beautifully exhibited, for instance, in Kipling‘s
“Without'Beneﬁt of Clergy," Stevenson‘s “Markham," Bret Hart‘s
“Luck of Roaring Camp," Maupassam‘s “Tallow Ball," Poe‘s “Fall
of the House of Usher,” and O. Henry’s “A Municipal Report;"
and among novels, in “David Copperﬁeld," Hardy‘s “The Return
of the Native,” and Mrs. Wharton‘s “The House of Mirth." Not
because of any abstract literary theory about art, therefore, but
simply because we have these facts of achievements before us, do
we say that a Combination .of these two ideals of drama is worth
striving for. Certain it is that no effort to win large commercial
returns with ﬁction can succeed when: these two ideals are not
more or less realized. A glance at the magazine ﬁction of today is
enough to show reason for this belief.

[16]

 

 

