4,.

 

 

PLOT GENIE ROMAN CE

“Some stories are weak dramatically not because they could not
happen in real life, or because of any tricks in motivation or sus’
pense, but simply because they are melodramatic. Melodrama is
dramatic action in which the events do not result from impulses. In
melodramatic writing swiftness and Violence of action is achieved
at the expense of character. Action is produced for the sake of
action and little else. The eﬂect of melodrama is much like the
eﬁect one gets watching the natural elements, Wind, ﬂood, ﬁre, on
a rampage: for action itself is chaos, and the motives or forces
behind it, are secrets locked in the tempestuous bosom of that
popular but mysterious actor called Fate.

“Melodrama, it is true, has its appeal. Action as action is fan!
cried by children and unsophisticated and immature minds‘ Witness
the success scored by Diamond Dick in his Tm Cent Library of
desperate adventures for boys, by the numerous “magazines of
thrills” Whose breathlessly illustrated covers decorate the newsr
stands, and above all, the motion pictures With their serialized
“episodes" of the Diamond Mystery, “the end of the world" and
what not_indeed and alas, the regular “feature reels" themselves!

The majority are of the melodramatic type."

Mr. Uzzell added the following comment:

“I do not think I can answer your second and third questions
because I don’t understand them. Melodrama and tragedy do not
seem to me to be things Which can be compared, since melodrama
may itself be both tragic and comic. Love romances may also be
melodramatic and great drama."

Regretfully, I ﬁnd it necessary to disagree somewhat-wirh the theories
of Reginald C. Barker, who is also a well known writer of action stories and
who recently contributed a dissertation entitled, “Drama vs. Melodrama“
in “The Plof’Weaver," one of the smaller writers‘ magazines Ha attributes
the melodramatic aspect of a story, or the lack of same 120 the publicatibn
in “The Plot’Weaver,“ one of the smaller writers” magazines. He attrﬂnutas
melodramatic in a “pulp" magazine would be adjudged good drama in one

[17]

g.

 

 

