g».

 

 

PLOT GENIE ROMANCE

be turned by them. but they provide a “foil" for the other characters besides
an excellent opportunity for the introduction of heart interest, pathos,
comedy, or satire. They may also-be used to excellent advantage for the
exploitation of philosophy'or propaganda.

‘ The author must be careful not to write his characters “out of char
acter" if his stories ate to be convincing. He must study his characters
and familiarize himself thoroughly with them so as not to have any‘ of them
do or say a thing which is not in keeping With his nature. An example
of a unstake of this kind Which I observed a short time ago was contained
in an unsold story written by a noted magazine author. After establishing
his leading male character as a virile yet spoiled and selﬁsh young man, he
described how this chap 'whom he had even portrayed as being “hard»
boiled,“ has gone to an old neighbor woman with a plan for her to trick
the giri into a compromising situation where she would be compelled to
capitulate to him. In criticising this plot, I argued with the author that if
h‘m hero was as virile as it was desired to portray him, he would more than
likely have taken things in his Own hands. In the same story he had a
young girl, in a ﬁshing villgge who had been away to school and acquired
polish through contact with high'class people, return and not only resort
to language that might be used by a Seaman, but actually start out in a.
pursuit, whith extended over a number of years, to shoot a man down on
sight. My contention was that he had written the girl “out of character,“
and being broadrm-inded, although much more experienced as a. ﬁction
writer than I, this author agreed with me.

'The experienced author establishes the character of the people in his
story with the action and dialogue that he gives them, all of which is care
fully thought out. On the other hand, the amateur usually begins his
story with a page or two of uninteresting and tiresome description of his
characters and in many cases with whoIe pages of biographic matter. Here
is an example:

“Zeb Jones, the leader, had a daughter, a wonderfully beautiful
girl of seventeen, with short dark curls that clustered around a face

of wondrous sweemess, dark ﬂashing eyes, creamy skin, and when

[22]

 

 

