g».

 

 

PLOT GENIE ROMANCE

Although I have “never seen ‘any such rule promulgated, I would, say
that the author should never express his own opinion regarding the traits
of his characters. It is all right for him to have the characters talk about
themselves or one another in order to establish characterization, but the
only other acceptable method is to place the character in a dramatic sit’
uation and permit his or her actions to portray characterization 0r traits.

Now, just compare the following story opening, which is by Capt.
Walt R. Bethel, with the two preceding amateur efforts.

“The feeble old man was bending over a little ngplate, warm'
ing up the last hit of a kettle of doubtful stew which had been his
only article of food for almost a week.

“Robert Morgansen was white’haired and tottering. For
safety’s sake he should have been over in “Snug Harbor“——the 01d
seamen‘s last earthly haven—these ten years past. There he could
have lived secure in the certainty of daily food and a bed to tumble
his_ Worn body into at night.

“But he stubbornly stayed here in Yonkers in a single room,
cooked his own food when he had it to cook, ate and slept alone,
with naught but a store of golden memories to keep him company.

“Morgansen slowly stirred the meagre remnants of food and his
close—cropped gray head bent 10w over the gas’blackened little
kettle. His nearsighted eyes peered intently into its depths and he
waited f0? the proper time to turn OK the gas ﬂame beneath it."

You see that this successful and well’known author begins immediately
with action that delineates chmcter. He not only shirts his story in
motion here, blit after reading the above, we knew that- Rohert Morgahsen
is a frugal, stubborn and more or less proud old man. He immediately
becomes a living character in our minds.

Following are paragraphs clippeﬁ at random from a number of pub»
lished magazine stories, all of which contain character delineations:

‘ “She yawned délicately, like a eat; her long blue'gray eyes.
narrowing, seemed ever so slightly uptilted at the comers. On the
yawn she answered: “Hello, darling.“

[24]

 

 

