4,.

 

 

PLOT GENIE ROMAN CE

did now, just a moment before an improper move is made; He sees
everything, and knows everythingwthat pertains to mining.”
Here‘s an ﬂlustration of the rule promulgated by me a few paragraphs
back, It illustrates how one character may descrfbe the traits of another,
While it is not permissable for the author himself or herself to do so.

“With the perfect coolness that always came to him in moments
of peril, he ascended the ﬁre escape. His hands and feet fairly ﬂew
over the iron steps and railings; but he felt no sense of panic. He
was trapped, but he was master of himself and his wits."

.An illustration of where the author has combined the description of his
character With that of action Which he gives him, thereby making the Chat"
acter delineation convincing.

“The door opened, and a tall, slender, poeticaltlooking man
with nose glasses secured by :1 broad, satin ribbon came quickly in.
He took two 10mg strides, gripped the lawyer’s hand with slender
ﬁngers that bit like steel, and sat down."

Eccentric, methodical, decisive and probably relentless.

“The old man snorted. Disgusting habit! “Annabelle," he
began querulqusly, “where’s my pipe? You musta hid it on me
again. Why don‘t you leave it On the table, here?“ Without a
word, Mrs. March fetched the pipe. Uncle George ﬁlled it With
coarse, cheap tobacco, grumbling all the while, and presently began
to puff it."

She is particular and possibly sincere or cranky, or she might be that type
of woman who delights in being fussy but never means it. He is oldr
fashioned, easy going and probably patient and. long buffering.

“An automatic appeared in Hall Morrow’s hand. The lounge-
ing youth seemed to have hardly moved, but the black muzzle of
the weapon covered his interrogators steadﬂy. “I saw this coming,“
said Morrow softly. “Now you fellows sit still‘ Raise your arms
high above. your heads. Good! Now get up carefully and stand
with your faces against that wall over there—«and keep reaching
toward the ceiling."

[27]

g.

 

 

