g».

 

 

PLOT GENIE ROMANCE

should be for each a relationship between him and other characters in the
story Which Will make his prmce a logical chain of circumstances which
has brought together these three people whom we are going to involve in
a conﬂict as well as the introduction of other characters who will appear as
we proceed. As to the relationship of the Heir to the Captain's Daughter,
one logical explanation might be that he is the Wealthy owner of a yacht of
which the girl‘s father is the captain. This would make their acquaintance
logical and at the same time give him an opportunity to pursue heri We
just decided that it was going to be necessary to make him an unsym»
pathetic character, so we will make him more or less of a cad and a snob
like a great many sons of wealthy men.

We are therefore now going to develop other situations to establish
the relationship of the Lifeguard to the Captain’s Daughter and to em»
phasize the obstacle to their love affair. One of the most logical ways in
Which a girl could meet a lifeguard would naturally be on the beach, so we
can open our story with a sequence in which the girl, Who may be of an
advehturous nature, ventures beycmd her depth and is rescued by the Life«
guard Who immediately falls in love with her.

In the next two operations the Plot Genie tells us that there is a Fn‘end
who is insincere, gushing, but discerning. Let us assume that this is a girl
friend of the Captain‘s Daughter, and that the two are together when the
former is rescued by the Lifeguard. This girl Friend might also be in love
with the Heir and it is through her that the cad receives the information
that the Captain's Daughter is smitten with the Lifeguard who has rescued
her. This would immediately provide a later situation in Which the cad
11km; the opportunity of making sneering remarks to the Captain‘s Daugh»
ter about the “brave hero."

In the meantime. the Lifeguard must of course be busy laying plans to
get the girl. He learns that there is going to be a dance. or a party aboard
the yacht and resolves to be present‘despite that fact that only invited guests
are welcome The Genie tells us that an effort to overcome the obstacle to
the love affair shows the Lifeguard resorting to the use of force to prove
strength, so this might suggest that he has to knock down and drag out a

[40]

 

 

