g».

 

 

lntmduction

After four months of intensive appliution Which was of course pre«
ceded by 17 years of analytical study of plot construction I have, however,
With the aid of 9. very capable assistant, succeeded in completing, to my
temporary satisfaction at least, the Formula. ”and Index for the Romantic
Love Story without Melodrama. This Formula and the lists contained
herein differ widely from that embraced in the General Formula which
preceded this work.

In the ﬁrst place, we have eliminated characters which suggest melor
dramatic plot or action, as well as having refrained from using melodramatic
situations in our lists of the nine elements

Secondly, in experimenting with this method and formula, we made an
interesting discovery regarding the matter of locale or background. We
learned that in order to prevent melodrama from entering the plot, it was
not advisable ‘or practical to permit the GenierRobo‘t to select the locale or
background as is done iii the General Formula.

An analysis Of this feature convinced us that just the minute you re
move a character or a group of characters from their natural environment,
you are in danger of having to use a melodramatic situation or one which is
sure to intruduce farceAcomedy because it may bring together situations
and characterg in an atmosphere which is incongruous. That is why in this
formula we have permitted thelocale or background to be suggested with
the beloved which places at least one of the principal characters in a
natural environment.

Despite the precautions which are described in the paragraph above, it
develops that this Formula will occasionally suggest a rank comedy or
farce. This might occur however with any plot formula and may be con,
sidered an asset. In the main, however, this Formula will supply a plot
outline for either the Love Story Romance or a Romantic Tragedy.

The other Formulas with Index which are available for use with the
’Plot RobotrGenie are just as different from this one as it is in contrast with
The General Formula; These are: Number 2, Adventdre Withéut Love
Interest; Number 3, The Mystery Stozy; Number 4, Comedy; and Nuny
her 6, the ShortrShort Story;

smcerely,

WYCLIFFE A. HILL

 

 

