g».

 

 

PLOT GENIE ROMANCE

in romantic smtiment and agonizing situations, With a musical

accompaniment only in parts which are especially thrilling or path

etic. In opera, a passage in which the orchestra plays a. somewhat

descriptive accompaniment, While the actor speaks; as the mEIO’
dmma in the grave digging scene of Beethoven's “Fidelo.”
The Universal Cyclopedia gives us .the following explanation:

“Melodrama: From the Greek word meaning song plus drama.

A name ﬁrst bestowed upon the opera by Rinuccim', but now more

frequently given to a_ nonroperatic play of a semi'tragic or serious

character, and marked by sensational effective or startling situations,
and by exaggeratedsentiment."

It is very apparent that the accepted understanding of melodrama has
strayed considerably away from the two above deﬁnitions. In the story
departments 01‘ the great motian picture studios they descrlbe the difference
between drama and melodrama as follows:

“Drama, where the action is motivated by character and me101
drama is Where the character is motivated by the action."

It seems to be good but net comprehensive or suﬁciently broad. Some
time ago I thought I had discovered an eﬁective way of describing a melo
dramatic situation as follows:

“One in which any character resorts to vicious or malicious
methods to gain an end."

For instance we see two men wrestling on the brow of a precipice. One
of them accidentally slips and falls to his death. It is tragic, but not melee
dramatic. On the other hand; if one deliberately and intentionally shoves
the other one over the cliff to his death, it is melodrama, Melodrama may
involve extreme physical action or it may be suggested by the simple uplift
ing of an eyebrow to denote a maliciaus purpose. ”We see two people
apparently on the best of friendly terms drinking together and discussing a
contemplated trip or enterprise. One of them drops a drug in the other‘s
glass and we have melodrama. On the other hand they may become in—
volved in a furious argument and even exchange blows with their ﬁsts, and
while there may be either comedy or drama present, there is no melodrama,

[6]

 

 

