 

 

PLOT GENIE

this Farmula and aggearing in this Indax, we have‘included a great
many which will pmvide interesting suggestions for the us: of
strategy in tide search for a solution of the crime.

The author of the madam detective-mystery story must have a
certain amuimt of inventive genius, at be familiar with modern in»
ventions and branches of kxmwiedgc, tools, or mechanisms which he
may pﬁace in the hands of his. triminals and with which he must also
equip his datective. In fact, ms dctcctiw: shuuld be in possession of
mare vital knowledge and efﬁcient weapons than the criminal, if cue
is guing to arm the twc 0f them with Such paraphernalia. A conﬂict
that is une-sided is mam: interﬁsting, hmvever, so it would not do w
cndaw eitksr side with aii Hf the advantagg.

BASIC RULES

The plot at the madam detective~mystery stary may be: inricﬂy
degcribcd as follaws: A crime is committed; although evidence is
discov‘v'ered which points ta swarm perscms as the guilty ones, the sa-
imiun appears exceedingly difﬁcult. N1) metive‘: is apparent. The
victim is a rcsgcctable, welintmdo person of impartance, hut {mt
necessariiy a sympathetic character. A detective er) investigator,
uwaiiy not a member of the police departmcnt, 2‘s calied in aritl he
immediateiy eﬂablishes a surveillance ever a uumbur of suspects.
The reader is made aware of thc fact that the dcmctivc suspccts thase
sewral persons and is startcd to guessing'by what appears to be the
suspicious acticms of scvarai of those wha are suspecmé. Bafﬂing
circumstances faliow; which may eithsr deceive the detective and
thc reader and" throw them completaly‘ off the track temporarily or
in which the readm may hr: dcacivad or mystiﬁed by the methods em-
piuyed by the detectivm In the meantime, in addition to tha crimc ai~
ready committed, anothcr mm; scrious one perhaps imgcnds and it
is up to M); Detective to apprehend the clever criminal before dis»
astruus consequencsts develop. As the climax is appmached, cviiiencs
must point strangiy evcry minute to-thc real criminal, as one by ant:

[12]

 

 

