 

 

D F T E C T 1 V F. ~ M Y S T E RY

SYNOPS IS

The body of a botaniat or scientist is discovered in a dark hallway
in his labmamry builﬁing. He has apparently been 5ui‘focated by
garmting and, around his ﬂeck is a silk scarf. Among his papers is
found 25 mm: written. in Chincsc, which upon being rleciphered,
pmves to bc: a pmtast from an {AM Chinese herb~doct6r against a
Swindle which has been perpetrated upon him by the botanist in
connection with a split on the proceeq's on a certain mysterious herb
that has been discovered by this bmanist mm the aid cf the. Chinese:
The Chinese is naturally suspected as, ﬂu: murdcrcr.

The body of the bmmnist has been discovered by an old negro sci“
vantwwa pcg‘leg who is very supersﬁtiaus. The’ negro is 3156 su5pected
when he insiats cm describing an old legmc} which presagqs death in
the famiiy fellowing a pcwliar dram he claims to have had. The
old servant is suspected 9f being more 0-: 16:95 demented.

When the: 01d negro discovers the body he rushes out and calls to
a docmr who has iust driven mg and is about m entcr the place. The
old servant knows the doctor m be a friend cf the botanist and a busi~
mass a$sociatc of some k§nd.

The butanist is known m b6 3 frequcnt visitor of a certain high
class gambling ciub and among his friends anti associates is 3% young
spmdthrif: and bm‘xvvivam whc) is a mtmbct of a highh‘ respccted
family. He also gamblcs and the investigator learns that this man
has recently lost heavily at the gambling tahie while thc'bomnist has
been a winncr. It is 263mm that a large: sum nf money which‘has been
war: by the butanist has rcccntiy disappeared from his safe and this
throws suspicion (m the: young spendthrift.

The presence of the. silk staff amund the victim’s neck canses the
dctectivb to make a search far the owner wha prams t0 be 1-1 demi-
mondaine with Wham {ha bmauist is infatuated!

Employed by this woman is a maid wha, because she is addicteii to
the use of the chug which the docmr is dispenging ami being depen.

[35]

 

 

