 

 

D F T E C T 1 V F. ~ M Y S T E RY

This is far from being a compiete story plot but it serves to ﬁlms»
”mate thc methad «3f dcvciopmem frmn the crude mttline and thumb-
naii sympsis m the mare detailed one.

The next @239 wii] be to give names to the: characters, introduce
bits of business and diaiczvgue and writs I still mare éatailad synopsis
0f severai thousand warcﬁs in length. The charactm win new bsgin
w came ta life and as ths author acquaiuts himseif with them and vis~
nalizes their raactiags to the: varicms. situat’ians in which timy find
themselves, many hits of action and dialogue Will au tomaticaily sug»
gest themschrcs. I :1 {be next operation additional or minor characters
wiii also immﬁucc themselvcs 131 the proper otdm‘ and piace where
the gituan‘rm dsmands in S0 that when the: smry is mmpleted by this
scientific method of development there wiil he no unnecessary cha‘r‘
autcrs in the smry.

An impartam thing in be :emembcmd here is that by no means
docs it $311ng that: the: continuity 0f the ﬁnished story win be iii any
way similar to that oi the plat synopsis. Developing the plot and tail—
ing the smry arr: mo séparme and distinct things. While the plot
synapsis dues :10: tiiscloas. the identity 0f the criminal Of guilty per,
son until the very Jam, thus anther must Q‘f mums: know whn this crim~
ﬁnal is and must introduce. this pawn at the \rcfy beginning of the
siory, eiﬁmr as a suspect ur atherwisc. The}; manner in which an author
apens his smry or the angﬁe from which he tackles the problem varies
With each and ﬁver}; writtr. Thercupun dapcnés his ability to catch
the interest 0)? tbs: reader and ham it.

GEN ERALINSTRUCTION S
The meuIa and Inclex oi the. Dcructivaystcry story i3 of mi—
ccssizy somcwhat mare complicatﬁd than any 0f the preceding Gem's
series, because M the: fact that there must be subﬁlots and many
angies which give rise! mrspcculatiml in this type. of sgory.
In order to supgﬂy the authm with the desired amnunt 0f materiai

[37]

 

 

