 

 

D F T E C T 1 V F. ~ M Y S T E RY

INTRGDUCTION

It is with a gram feeling of relief that 1 hand the ﬁnisheci manw
script for the Gem: Formula and Index for Datectiva‘Mystery t4:
the publishers. L'

Th5: compilation sf this work has. required many manths involving
a tremendous ameun‘: of research work, both on my part and on the
part of an able staff of research wnrkers supplied me by the» pub‘
ﬁsher, W’s haw. mciéavorcci to leave nothing undane that would pr0~
Vick: 13103:: authors wharusn this work with every suggestixm gmssibic
'm the line. of Detective-Mystery plat ideas. in fact, it is so cumplacc
that we lzslicve that this Formula and Index is cagable 0f supplying
the plat ondine fm- wary DetectivevMystery story that war has been
written or ever will be wzitten and that its manipulatim wouki sug»
gest any situation that maid possibly scour, in connectiau with the:
cmnmjssioa 91? a. murder, mbbsry} arssm, ﬁxrgery, or kidnapping; and
the soiutirm thereuf.

The discovery 0f tha Formula far the modem Detective—Mystcry
ﬁrm)? was not difﬁcult. It was the preparation 0!? the Index, the cdit~
ing of the matcriai, its genaraﬁzation in such a way that 311 deséred
igtitude would be left: to the imagimuian gf the author, and its as.
sembly in pmper order, that: has pmven m be. a rmmtmental task.

Long before now, we: realized that in order m make. rims: Plot
Genie Indices affcrd thr: maximum value to the amber, tbs material
which they contain must be susceptibie m innumerabie interpretsr
tions in the hanés of varinus writtxs, m ordcr {hat each may have
ample appormnity m utilizt 0r dismay his originaiity.

There are {wry members 0f my staff whose capabk: assistance‘asxd
ceilahémtion I dcsirc t0 acknowIedgq. They are Miss jane Slﬁan,
1183C} of the dcpartmant and a vez‘y-capable aurhoress and NIiss Agugs
Famous3 rcscarch worker. I hasten to aﬁmit 3150 that in my study 0f
Dctsctivc-Mystery, I received some Enterestiug and vaiuabie "slants”
fmm me very cxcallcnt anaiysis Of this type: 0f star): written by

[7]

 

 

