 

 

PLOT GEN!E INDEX

dentally through some source totally different from the publisher’s oﬂice would
be considered coincidental. Right here I want to warn the novice that it is not
good form to drag either characters or situations in “by the heels,” or to in«
dulge in coincidence in the construction of a plot.

In every publishing house, there are clerks or “readers? It is logical that
one of these in this particular publishing house, a young woman. say, might
be acquainted With the mystic’s daughter, and might have, copied part of the
manuscript dealing with the clue. She tells her friend about it, and the girl in
turn conveys the information to her father. The mystic, being sorely pressed
with ﬁnancial obligations hits upon the idea of using the girl's clairvoyance to
assist him in the: discovery of the informaticn whi will lead to the reward‘
lhemfore, he and the girl go to t
In the meantime the publish

   
 
 

n their

  
 
        
 

we shall disclose later. ’

the couple are watched 1' mxst 1) _. he enemy rival

Right now We must 5 0 a little thinking. The Genie tells us that
the girl is abducted, or an atte is made to abduct her; that there is an illicit
lave affair, and also that the enemy substitutes for the here. We musL ﬁnd a
nibtive which would result in the development of these dramatic situations.
Suppose the enemy is: in the liquor ”racket" and has a gang Which is operating
a huge still in the nearby mountains, This places our farm in a mountainous
country. He might own a plane which is used in transporting the illicit liquor
and doing scout work in looking for ofﬁcers of the law. The girl might be
sent out by her father and accidentally arrive at a location near the still, and
discover it, not knowing that the young enemy has anything to do with it.
When he, the enemy, receives the report from his man that the ccncealcd still
has been discovered by the girl, he would naturally be greatly alarmed. One of
the things he would think of wouid be to have the girl abducted to prevent her

  
   

 

[401

 

 

