4,.

 

 

PLOT GENIE ROMAN CE

Character Delineation

It is probably ﬁtting that an explanation be made concerning my reasons
for introducing into this Férmula and Index Operations Nos. ’5 and 6,
which call for a supportmg character who is arbitrarily endowed with a
combination of traits.

As ably explained by the several noted literary authorities in the pre’
ceding chapter, the delineation of character is an important feature of the
straight drama or romantic drama. In almost every love story there is a
thoughtless, prejudiced or sacriﬁcing mother, a doting, severe or abused
father, a cranky, narrowlminded, bigoted, stingy or forgiving 01d aunt or
uncle, a loyal, sacriﬁcing, selﬁsh or hypocritical friend, a cripple, a blind
person, a child, a guardian, or some one else who plays an important part.
These are called chamcter roles and it is signiﬁcant that in the. motion pic'
ture drama, which is supposedly the most perfect type of dramatic plot,
these characters are always given a place in the cast of principals. As an
example, the cast of characters may be as follows:

1. Hero 3. The male heavy
2. Heroine 4. The female heavy
5' . The character role.

In a great many love stories, the part played by the supporting character
develops into the stellar role, although it may not involve any love interest
as far as he or she is concerned. An example of this development is conv
tained in such stories as have been produced on the screen featuring Will
Rogers, Marie Dressler, Ruth C‘hatterton, Lewis Stone, Hobart Bosworth,
Pauline Fredericks, Lon Chaney, Edward G.. Robinson and Louis Woﬂlejm.

The introduction of such characters into a story makes it more human
because it demands the delineation of character by action and dialogue.
The reactions of such characters to situations which develop in the story
and which of course are dependent upon their inherent traits, very often
have a vital effect on the faces of all those involved, consequenﬂy they are
eXtremely important in the plot structure. Not only may the tides of fate

[21]

g.

 

 

