
1. The Adventure is

To seek a sunken treasure.

To gain political power.

To gain military power.

To gain personal power

To gain financial power.

To attain position.

To obtain valuable information.

To establish home or refuge.

To recover home or refuge.

To attain an accomplishment.

To win fame.

To seek approbation.

To regain one's health

To regain health of friend or kinsman.

To protect one's liberty.

To protect the liberty of a kinsman or friend.

To regain one's liberty.

To aid a kinsman or friend to regain his liberty.

To overthrow an oppressor or a tyrant.

To conceal menacing evidence.

To assist a friend to escape from pursuit.

To wipe out stigma on one's name.

To wipe out the stigma on the name of a friend or kinsman.

To refute an unjust accusation against oneself.

To refute an unjust accusation against a friend.

To conceal an embarrassing object.

To prevent great physical injury to one's friend.

To escape mental injury to oneself.

To prevent mental injury to one's friend.

To thwart persecution of oneself.

To thwart persecution of one's friend.

To overcome a habit of one's own.

To assist a friend in overcoming a habit.

To avert prosecution to oneself.

To avert prosecution to a friend.

To pursue vengeance against a race, nation or clan.

To pursue vengeance against the opposite sex.

To pursue vengeance against a tyrant or an oppressor.

To pursue vengeance against an insult to oneself.

To pursue vengeance against one who has caused injury to a friend.

To pursue vengeance against a robber.

To pursue vengeance against a robber of a friend.

To pursue vengeance against one who has damaged one's good name.

To pursue vengeance against one who has damaged the good name of a
friend.

To pursue vengeance against a law breaker.

To pursue vengeance against a violater of an oath.

To pursue vengeance against one who is guilty of deception.

To pursue vengeance against a blackmailer.

To pursue vengeance against a kinsman.

To pursue vengeance against one who has destroyed.

To pursue vengeance against a supernatural power.

To pursue vengeance against a public enemy.

To pursue vengeance against who has caused distress.

To pursue vengeance against one who is mentally deranged.

To pursue vengeance against one who has caused misunderstanding.

To pursue vengeance against one who has slain a kinsman.

To pursue vengeance against a kidnapper.

To seek recovery of a lost person.

To seek recovery of a lost valuable, or valuables.

To seek recovery of lost information or clue.

To seek the solution of a mysterious crime.

To attempt to identify an unknown person.

To attempt to identify an unknown object or thing.

To establish the identity of a mysterious element.

To establish the identity of a mysterious influence.

To prevent a crime or injury to oneself.

To prevent a crime or injury to one's friend or kinsman.

To prevent a catastrophe.

To solve a mystery or phenomenon.

To prevent a terrible injustice.

To prevent a strike, rebellion or revolt.

To quell a strike, rebellion or revolt.

To prevent a religious uprising.

To quell a religious uprising.

To prevent a mutiny.

To quell a mutiny.

To prevent a boycott.

To end a boycott.

To halt a revolution.

To prevent a race war.

To halt a race war.

To take sides in a feud.

To avert a feud.

To abate a nuisance.

To suppress a fraud.

To allay the fears of an hysterical mob.

To impede the progress of an enemy.

To combat an ignorant belief.

To combat an epidemic.

To wipe out an epidemic.

To combat the forces of nature.

To fight a conflagration.

To control a flood.

To combat a popular superstition.

To curb a vital ambition.

To compel recognition.

To enforce a legal mandate.

To enforce orders of a superior.

To combat an animal enemy.

To combat an insect menace.

To overthrow a monarch.

To rescue an unfortunate.

To suppress a vicious ring.

To brave deep waters.

To brave the air.

To conceal a person.

To prove one's endurance.

To prove -- or protect -- one's honor.

To prove one's feeling, or loyalty.

To combat denizens of the sea.

To blaze a way for civilization.

To carry a religion into a savage country.

To protect a throne from being overthrown.

To win an athletic event.

To win a sporting event.

To seek relief from monotony.

To seek relief from mental strain.

To seek new surroundings as a relief.

To engage in a dangerous sport.

To explore uncharted seas.

To explore unknown lands.

To undertake a scientific expedition.

To experiment with a dangerous new invention.

To deliver a message on a perilous journey.

To achieve a political victory.

To brave class hatred.

To brace race hatred.

To obtain a valuable franchise or concession.

To smuggle an object through enemy lines.

To smuggle a person through enemy lines.

To explore ancient ruins.

To combat inclement weather.

To avert conflict between two friends.

To avert warfare between countries.

To prospect for hidden treasure.

To hunt for wild animals or game.

To prevent a financial catastrophe.

To recover from a financial catastrophe.

To obtain a rare specimen.

To achieve a triumph of art.

To outwit a business rival.

To become a stowaway.

To inaugurate a crusade.

To engage in a secret service.

To attach a problem of psychology.

To oppose a pirate gang.

To spy on an enemy camp.

To obtain an appraisal.

To eject marauders.

To brave a desert country.

To brave the frozen North.

To brave a tropic jungle.

To brave a savage country.

To establish a communication.

To obtain valuable data.

To spread propaganda.

To reform a wicked city

To see a buried treasure.

To acquire valuable territory.

To acquire a strategic point.

To discover valuable mineral deposits.

To acquire valuable waters.

To acquire valuable timber.

To discover new possessions.

To discover or restore valuable or ancient relics.

To discover information of great legal value.

To uncover information of historical value.

To undertake a dangerous underground exploration.

To undertake a dangerous undersea exploration.

To undertake a hazardous transportation.

To pursue marauders.

To cause a mystery or phenomenon.

To reorganize a business or venture.

To dominate a group or tribe.

To finance an enterprise.

To block a destructive enterprise.

To obtain valuable maps or photographs.

To follow a map or route.

To remove a pernicious influence.

To seek a valuable inspiration or idea.
