FOREJWORD

The prefaces of many books are more enduring than the
letter-press they introduce. It' 1s as if an author’s after-thoughts
more nearly express his real thoughts than his well considered,
neatly planned succession of chapters. The reason for this,
though a natural one, came to me only as I read and re-read the
proofs of “The Thirty-six Dramatic Situations": as an author’s
Wis mulled before him in the type of the galleyjproofs,
the ﬁrst sight of the printed words induces a freshness of mind

» that Is near relative to the ﬁne frenzy of ﬁrst conception; added
to this mental freshness there Is a maturity—fot are not months
of thought behind the chapters of the work '!—that makes the au-
thor’s thoughts as grandparents with the enthusiasms of youth.
In the prefaces, then, the authors ﬁnd outlets to express their
own reactions to their own thqughts.

I have been step-father to Miss Lucile Ray’s translation of
George Polti’s book. My own vague notions of the text,
gained by awkward concentration and persistent use of §piers
land Surenne, became clear ideas as I read page after page of
Miss Ray’ 5 manuscript. As my understanding of Polti’ s analy-
ses and classiﬁcations grew I thought I perceived the need for
an introduction that might help to convince authors, and those
other readers, not authors, who are likely to ﬁnd Polti’s work
suggestive, of the practical value of the work, and the need to
read it slowly, and contemplatively; if Situation is compared
with Situation, as the reading progresses, I thought, the real
value of the work will become evident. I had not ﬁnished the
ﬁrst reading of Miss Ray’s translation, however, before I real-
ized that Polti’s book would need no recommendation. I must
add, then, that I write this Foreword merely because these two
pages, in the last section of the book to go to press, would look
unseemly if not clothed in print!

7" Certain of my thoughts, as I read proof after proof of the
book, may prove stimulating. Polti nowhere tells what he
means by a Dramatic Situation. In the Conclusion of the book
he makes it very clear, however, that he believes in the inven-

4045z9

 

