g».

 

 

PLOT GENIE

fishing the wrpow descrihati pteviousﬁy, wthat of gmtn‘sbing in: and the
cad, and a'iysoivimg the: ymmger bmthm”.

\Vhat teak! bi: mere thriﬂing than :20 have $11»: enemy nettiwa captmw:
her, and than have tbs younger bmther rescue: her afmr the: oldar am: has;
exhibited his; mwarciice? So we will do 3:31:31)

In the meantime, before that girl is cagtured or a: abrmt the 52mm time:
she is capmz‘aé, we cw intensify the dmmatic effect 333? having her dig!
cmer the truth concemingtba situatioa £13 wkich the. younger brother has
hem blamed, Haw are we: going to do this? Certainly the older bmeher
is not gazing to tell her and neither is the aunt. 'fhe uativeg know nothing
if it and it wnuid :10: build 119 $1363 charactex: 6f the, ymmgex bmtker 2:316
win any sympathy fer him, for us #29 have him “squeal.“ Thm'efom, We
mum have. he? disccm-xxr the avideﬂca herself‘ She might find papers; in :m.
01d. cabinet, a trunk or safe: contaizﬁng correapandence which discloses the
truth. And before she can get t0 this ymmgar bmghar with it, aha: is 6313'
tured by the natives. Here is an example of Wham we: 0313’ build up
suspansé but prevent size .prmnwrare cievdopmm: of the

  

‘ max. by having
the. uati 'es capture aim glri before she has an {appoxtunity to announce her
ﬁndings, whit}: wamki quickiy bring the: story to an and at this place.

¢ v

Gparatim 3 in the Genie: mzstlim mg m; that “the enemy is confuaed.

by a trick movement.“ This suggestg that we have the youngex brother rev
sort to game strategy in the raqcue: 0f the giri. Let: us assmms: that heixag
famils :7 with the suyex‘stim’wa beiiefs m‘" the natives, ha: .ry cleverly makes
use: 0f his know‘iedge. He mﬁght riisgms himself as a medicine man or 35.
a representative of their pagan gcad 0r én same otherway pmduce a deny
ommtzim which wouid .mnfme am! give him an oppommiw t5: IQS’
cue the: girl. Just what the, :14. L», mils far the. mventéve‘aad imagimmve
genius of the authoz: A3343, ugh: hare.- zm 0gpvrtmzity is aﬂatded fix soma
anther ‘Whﬂ is either wail mac} or much mweﬁed to make 113%; of know}?

‘

a which he 0:: $3M? may have: of emperzstisiom that have been obsmmL

    

 

 

    

 

The tﬁrilling ﬂimax suggested by the Genie caﬂs fur the. pursuﬁ 21ml
capture of a cximimj, escaped. mm'ict, friend, mm}: or kinsman. EnaSr
much as we have em coleny in a state 9f war, 1:- would appear thaa in
order t9 maintain the srineed m- tanpo cf the scary 311d not let it ﬂop, it
is going, to be necessaw m bring (m same gpewmular reinfarcamems. Let
us assume: that word has been xeiayeﬂ to a Br‘étisérNéwai statiun concming
the uprising of nativas amwg the £533:ch mienies and that a man«ofw¢ar

[32]

 

 

..¢.

