Locale

Aboard ship
By a lake

At the Casino

In an Abbey

In the oil fields

In a palatial home

At the harbor

In school

In the Far North

In India

In a love nest

At an Army post

In Latin America

In a shack

In a colony

In a light house

At a saw mill

In the marshes

At the morgue

In a factory district

On a dude ranch

At a camp meeting

Behind the footlights

On the Bowery

In an office

At a depot

On a sugar plantation

In a refugee camp

At a resort

At a hospital

On a Bayou

In a tenement

On the farm

On a country estate

At the sea coast

On a race track

In a print shop

At a cabaret

On a sheep ranch

On a small farm

In a ball room

In the under word

In Dixie

In a fishing village

In a pirate hangout

At an arsenal

On a ranch

In the rice fields

At the Mardi Gras

At a roadhouse

In an explorer's camp

At a convention

In a department store

In a coliseum

On a tobacco plantation

In a small town

On a battlefield

In the retail district

In the countryside

In court

LOCALE

(CONTINUED)

In a shop
In the North Woods

At a gambling resort

In a corporation office

In a bachelor's apartment

On the desert

At a party (or celebration)

By a river

In Egypt

On a beach

In a newspaper office

In a bank

In the slums

At a masque ball

In a small town hotel

In college

In the tropics

On an island

At a mission

At steel mills

In the jungle

On a yacht

In a mining town

In an asylum

On the gold links

On the plains

In a curio shop

In a castle

On the prairie

In Mexico

On a freighter

In a vineyard

In a caravan

In a foundry

At the altar

At a dam site

In Arabia

In a haunted house

At a mine

In a questionable house

On a distant frontier

At a police station

On the sea

On the Amazon

In prison

In a park

In the cane brake

On a cotton plantation

In a movie studio

On the highway

In a wireless station

In the mountains

At a fort

In a middle class home

At an airport

In Africa

At a hacienda

At a field hospital

In the Navy

In a penthouse

LOCALE

(CONTINUED)

At a theatre
In the legislature

Backstage

At a circus

At Police headquarters

In pine words

At a logging camp

In a dope den

In a back settlement

In an airplane

In a swamp

In a cheap boarding house

At a hotel

In an orchard

In the Orient

In a canyon

In an encampment

Out West

At railroad yards

Aboard a train

In the forest

In the deserted house

At a banquet

In a paper mill

In the financial district

On a wagon train

In the South Seas

In a bandit camp

At a camp

In a factory

On city streets

Down East

In a construction camp

In the trenches

At a carnival

In an artist's studio

In China

In a museum

In Asia

At a festival

In a dance hall

On a gambling ship

In a taxi

In a gypsy camp

In the Far East

At a country inn

In grain fields

In a laboratory

In a savage country

On a plantation

In an academy

In the poor house

On a game preserve

At a radio station

On a river

In Hawaii

In an arena

In the war zone

At a lonely outpost

In a flotilla

Characters

An old peddler
A police officer

A fisherman's daughter

A Shylock

A waitress

A roue

An ex-wife

A sheriff

A cabaret girl

A bully

A negro mammy

A smuggler

A blind beggar

A thief

A small boy (or child)

A detective

An old maid

A gangster

A watchman

A counterfeiter

A mine operator

An Arab

A newspaperman

An army officer

A captain

A spy

A lineman

A paramour

A rich old man

A member of the Black Hand

A young doctor

A playboy

A stenographer

An old hag

A divorcee

A caballero

An ex-husband

A gambler

A society leader

A bandit

A saleslady

A vice lord

An old employee

A duelist

A fisherman

A moonshiner

An announcer

An ex-servant

A hunter

A cowboy

A nurse

A dancer

An athlete

A wife

An old farmer

A country woman

A young farmer lad

A magician

A seaman

A pugilist

CHARACTERS

(CONTINUED)

An executive
A fugitive

A trainer

A promoter

A rancher

A soldier

A society girl

A twin

An office clerk

A working girl

A poor girl

A chauffeur

A small merchant

A rich farmer

A farm hand

A merchant prince

An actor

A guide

A henpecked husband

A young negro

A neglected wife

A girl reporter

A performer

A waiter

A technician

A scientist

An inventor

A politician

A confidence man

A bank clerk

A fireman

A warden

A widow

A consul

A scrubwoman

A trader

A telegrapher

An interpreter

A pretender

An heir

A derelict

An heiress

A playwright

A failure

An actress

A producer

A recruit

A jokester

An operator

A weakling

A teacher

A business rival

A photographer

A vagabond

A pilot

A gigolo

An artist

A soldier of fortune

A ranger

A ne'er-do-well

CHARACTERS

(CONTINUED)

An editor
A chemist

A laborer

A doctor

An invalid

An aviator

A governess

A rival in love

A press agent

An acrobat

A young modern

A smuggler

A husband

A dance hall girl

An old woman

A crook

An old family servant

A forger

A card sharp

A society dame

A servant

A night club hostess

A farmer's daughter

A dope peddler

A boatman

A taxi driver

A gypsy

A mystic

A ranch owner

A hermit

A shepherd

A jockey

A writer

A taxidermist

A plastic surgeon

A hypnotist

A manufacturer

A driver

A journalist

A prosecutor

An adventuress

An intern

A girl clerk

An animal trainer

A prince

A judge

A sport star

A Hindu

A driller

A bouncer

An immigrant man

A model

A miner

A bacteriologist

A collegian

A railroader

An immigrant girl

A bus driver

A gypsy girl

A Secret Service operative

Motivation

Desire to save an unfortunate from an indiscretion.

Desire for an illicit love.

Desire to conceal one's dishonor from a loved one.

Revenge against one who has exposed perfidy.

Desire to protect one's self against a bully.

To place one's crime at the door of another.

Desire to achieve position or fame.

Desire to visit a secret revenge on an enemy.

Desire to penetrate the secrets of another.

Desire to escape the result of one's own perfidy.

Desire to reform a loved one.

Revenge desired against intruders.

Desire to prove one's loyalty.

Desire to remove a dangerous witness.

Desire to show off.

An unholy impulse to do something wrong for experimental purposes.

Desire to leave one's record clear.

Impulse to save a kinsman from enemies.

Desire to see a loved one make good.

Desire to protect a professional reputation.

Desire to be forgiven by a loved one who has been wronged.

Revenge against one who has wronged a loved one.

Desire to win sympathy.

Desire to save one's own life.

Desire to make atonement for the wrongs done by a kinsman or loved one.

Desire for money.

Desire to secretly assist another.

Desire to bribe an officer.

MOTIVATION

(CONTINUED)

Desire to drown a sorrow.

Desire to preserve a professional record.

Desire to satisfy a whim.

Desire to punish a scoundrel.

Desire to establish a precedent or record.

Desire to avenge a loved one's death.

Desire to provide a valuable possession for a loved one.

Desire to outwit or trap a bully.

Desire to make a success of one's business or profession.

Desire to escape the toils of the enemy.

Desire to prove one's self worthy.

Desire to conceal the evidence of one's crime.

Desire to sacrifice one's self for one who has a better right.

Desire to seek revenge against a rival.

Desire to escape grief or remorse.

Revenge sought against a deceiver.

Desire to reward faithful performance.

Overzealous desire to enforce a law.

Desire to ingratiate one's self with authority.

Desire to outwit a tyrant.

Desire to be near a worshipped one.

Desire to outwit a rival.

Desire to escape a tiresome experience or person.

Desire to avenge one's against an old enemy.

Desire to display one's generosity or other virtue.

Desire to find a place of concealment for stolen valuables.

Desire to save one's self from a rash act.

Desire to escape the advances for another.

Desire to escape the reproaches of a loved one.

Desire to protect the name of a deceased loved one.

MOTIVATION

(CONTINUED)

Desire to prove one's art or science.

Desire to give a rascal a dose of his own medicine.

Desire to nullify the machinery of the law.

Desire to prevent wholesale disgrace.

Desire to impress a member of the opposite sex.

Desire to outwit would-be members.

Desire to escape a hated responsibility.

Desire to nullify the machinery of the law.

Desire to be near a loved one.

Desire to outwit a lawless gang.

Desire to vindicate the word of another.

Desire to escape an unknown danger.

Desire to secretly observe another person.

Desire to escape a vicious animal or reptile.

Desire to secretly observe an operation of any kind.

Desire to bribe a trusted employee.

Desire to save one's self.

Desire to trap a love-thief.

Desire to save the soul of a loved one.

Desire to prove one's bravery.

Desire to escape temptation.

Desire to trick one into a confession.

Desire to remove temptation from the way of a dear one.

Desire to save one's property or valuables.

Desire to solve a mystery.

Desire to signal for help.

Desire to avoid a tragic accident or catastrophe.

Desire to obtain revenge against one who has violated an oath.

Desire to avoid the consequences of a natural phenomenon.

Punishment sought against a deceiver.

MOTIVATION

(CONTINUED)

Desire to win a following.

Desire to punish a blackmailer.

Desire to escape a dangerous mission.

A plan to pursue revenge against a public enemy.

Desire to escape a bad habit.

Apprehension and punishment of a kidnapper is sought.

Desire to avoid the appearance of evil.

Desire to quell a revolt or uprising.

Desire to conceal one's indiscretions from a loved one.

Prevention of a boycott is sought.

Desire to rescue a loved one from a bad habit.

Desire to suppress a fraud.

Desire to save dear ones from the consequences of a natural phenomenon.

To combat an ignorant thief.

Desire to destroy a superstition

Desire to enforce the orders of a superior.

Desire to convert a loved one.

To combat a vicious animal.

Desire to remedy a misunderstanding.

To monopolize attention.

Desire to prevent a misunderstanding.

To deprive an enemy of authority.

Desire to prevent an injustice.

To get a signal through.

Desire to obtain a valuable secret.

To expose the bluff of an enemy.

Desire to rescue an unfortunate.

To discredit the credentials of a person.

Desire to save one's home.

MOTIVATION

(CONTINUED)

To disprove the charges of a blackmailer.

Desire to escape inclement weather.

To prove one mentally incompetent.

Desire to escape a baneful experience.

To prevent an abduction.

Desire to recover lost valuables.

To save one from a disastrous marriage.

Desire to avoid suspicion.

To bring about a desired match for money.

Desire to identify a strange person.

To punish a guilty kinsman.

Desire to identify a mysterious thing.

To win a valuable monetary reward.

Desire to win the love of the opposite sex.

Desire to escape vengeance.

Desire win approbation of the public.

To outwit a conspirator.

To win the approbation of a superior.

Plan to expose a vicious ring.

To achieve a business success.

To protect a throne overthrow.

To win professional achievement.

To reveal a plot against authority.

To protect one's good name.

To escape from bad company.

To protect the good name of a loved one.

To smuggle a valuable object.

To win the love of a kinsman

Desire to crush a rival.

Desire to test the faith of a loved one.

MOTIVATION

(CONTINUED)

Desire to uncover hidden wealth.

Desire to win the love of a friend.

To spy on an enemy.

Desire to establish a reconciliation with a loved one.

To cast suspicion on another.

Desire to escape false accusation.

To frighten an enemy.

Desire to prove one's loyalty to country.

To turn enemies against one another.

Desire reconciliation with an associate.

To interfere with the plans of a rival.

Desired recovery of health.

To deceive a rival or enemy.

Desire to settle a feud.

To bribe one who is an obstacle.

Great fame desired.

To gain political power.

Relief from an ill desired.

To overthrow an oppressor.

Recovery of the health of a loved one desired.

To conceal an embarrassing object.

To test the faith of an employee.

To obtain revenge against a race or clan.

Desire to make a loved one happy.

Desire to obtain revenge against an insulter.

The approbation of the opposite sex.

Vengeance sought against a robber.

Escape from ennui desired.

Vengeance sought against one who has defrauded.

Relief from pursuit desired.

Desire to punish one who has damaged good name.

To obtain a desired possession.

Pursuit sought against a law breaker.

The Obstacle

The pride of a loved one.

An overpowering influence.

A troublesome habit.

The fact that one is guilty.

A guilty conscience.

Lack of a means of escape.

A mistake in the identity of an object.

One is confined in a dangerous place.

One's intentions are misunderstood.

The honor of another is involved.

An innocent party stands in the way.

An obsession.

A miscarriage of plans.

An over-zealous disposition.

The indifference of others.

An unfounded suspicion.

The persistence of another.

The vengeance of old enemies.

Failure of perception of another.

The interference of the law.

Failure to convince or impress others.

The handicap of evil associates.

An old will or decree.

The presence of a sinister influence.

Failure of someone to appear.

The fatal ambition of another.

A bashful nature.

A secret relationship.

THE OBSTACLE

(CONTINUED)

A suspicious disposition.

A mental malady.

A rival favored by opportunity.

The necessity of concealing an identity.

A physical disability.

A physical cowardice.

A mistake in the identity of a situation.

A moral cowardice.

A secret responsibility.

A secret and vicious association.

A former relationship.

An unexpected presence of a detecting apparatus.

A duty to a loved one.

One's liberty is curtailed.

An innocent misunderstanding.

The infatuation of a character.

An ignorance based on innocence.

A good-for-nothing relative.

Mistaken jealousy.

A matter of honor or principle.

One's ability or worth is discounted.

An unwelcome cynosure.

One's ability is unrecognized.

Lack of an implement, tool, or facilities.

A difference in status.

A dangerous adventure is involved.

Duty to country.

The presence of a threatener.

A consuming grief.

A secret desire for revenge.

THE OBSTACLE

(CONTINUED)

A mistake in the identity of a person or people.

Threatened pursuit by officers of the law.

The attitude of a pessimist.

The lack of desirable opportunity.

The attitude of a hard-boiled cynic.

The near proximity of the enemy.

The presence of a deceiver.

The danger of causing a serious alarm.

The operation of a subconscious mind.

The lack of a method of signaling.

The welfare of a loved one.

The necessity of restoring one's liberty.

The fear of one's own weakness.

The obligation to risk one's honor.

The strict ideas of a loved one.

The necessity of risking the loss of friendship.

The annoyance of an insignificant thing.

Because one is under suspicion.

The ignorance of another.

Because one is already involved with the law.

The opposition of friends.

Because one is a fugitive.

The lack of privacy.

The danger of arousing the vengeance of an organization.

The lack of understanding.

The possible loss of one's liberty.

The innocent interference of a loved one.

The danger of losing a loved one.

One's own pride.

Threatened disaster to a loved one.

THE OBSTACLE

(CONTINUED)

A distracting incident.

The unwillingness to face a serious issue.

A difference in skill.

The loyalty of a friend must be tested.

Inclement weather.

The watchfulness of a rival.

The matter of distance.

The possession of incorrect information or direction.

Parental objection.

The danger of occult interference.

A spiritual influence.

The suspicion that one is being tricked.

A previous agreement or contract.

The danger of precipitating a boycott.

One's credulity or unsophistication.

Lack of money.

False pride.

Lack of facilities.

Fear of exposure.

Lack of means of transportation.

The conversation of another.

The leaving of a task unperformed.

The failure to be convinced.

The necessity of becoming associated with a fugitive.

Handicapped by position.

The desire for vengeance.

An unscrupulous rival,

The rivalry of a kinsman.

The necessity of remaining silent.

THE OBSTACLE

(CONTINUED)

The possible pursuit of the law.

A misplaced confidence.

The necessity of taking orders from a crook.

A disillusionment.

To be blocked by stormy weather.

The fear of a jealous rival.

The appearance of a mysterious woman.

An accusation of being untrue.

The safety of a child.

Because one is not recognized.

Possible pursuit by a rival.

There is a difference of race.

The threat of a blackmailer.

There is an imaginary past.

The presence of a deceiver.

An innocent believed himself to be guilty.

Threatened loss of possession.

One is not taken seriously.

An unwritten law.

One is accused of being mentally deranged.

An intense jealousy on the part of another.

There is an imaginary difference of race.

The envy of a person.

A difference in religion or belief.

The disloyalty of a friend.

One has been forgotten.

A false accusation.

The endurance of one is questioned.

The danger of incurring the enmity of kinsmen.

The loyalty of one is in doubt.

The possibility of losing one's good name.

The matter of pride stands in the way.

THE OBSTACLE

(CONTINUED)

The jealousy of a wife or sweetheart.

Persons are on opposite legal sides.

The leaving of a treasure unprotected.

Opposition is offered by children.

The threatened disloyalty of an employee.

One's intentions are impugned.

The necessity to discover the identity of a mysterious character.

Persons are professional rivals.

The necessity of keeping a plan a secret.

The violation of a principle is threatened.

A strange code or clue must be discovered.

Financial loss impends.

The reluctance to become associated with a crook.

A solemn vow stands in the way.

A foolish superstition.

Duty to a loved one stands in the way.

An ambition for power.

There is a difference in rank.

One is enslaved by a habit.

An unhappy marriage is an obstacle.

Persons are political rivals or enemies.

Persons are members of enemy clans.

A person has a fatal ambition for wealth.

One is threatened with the necessity of solving a mystery.

The opposition of enemies.

Persons are shamed to be associated together.

The danger of precipitating a revolt.

A traditional custom stands in the way.

A hateful indebtedness to another.

An ancestral decree is an obstacle.

One is being watched by a spy.

Method of Attack

Imperiling a social position

Personal encounter.

Creation of an imaginary person to deceive.

Some one is bribed.

The use of sex appeal.

Spurred to a daring effort.

Giving of secret aid.

Making a promise which has a double meaning.

The use of suggestion.

The making of a surprise sacrifice or revenge.

Indulge in a counter-attraction.

The voluntary assumption of a dangerous or ridiculous position.

A relationship breached.

The decision to take one's own life.

The use of persuasion.

Escaping by flight.

Taking advantage of another's handicap.

The daring of fate to restore self-confidence.

The use of action to frighten.

The laying of a trap.

A concession asked for the sake of an old friendship or love.

The use of a secret formula or scientific discovery.

The making of a last effort to prove one's self worthy.

Feigning suicide, death or injury.

The over-riding of convention.

Quick disposal of an incriminating object or body.

The refusal to recognize an imposition.

Spying on the actions of another.

The application of an art in which one is especially skilled.

A dangerous criminal experiment is planned or contemplated.

METHOD OF ATTACK

(CONTINUED)

The necessity of deceiving a loved one is recognized.

A secret entrance is sought.

One resorts to flattery.

It is planned to establish a bold precedent.

Valuable or important information is withheld.

An unexpected reappearance is planned.

It is planned for one to take the place of another.

It is planned to place a secret mark of identification on a person.

An appeal is made to credulity or ignorance.

An appeal is made to superstition.

A figment of the imagination is told for effect.

A surprise clue or evidence is sought.

A vain sacrifice is made or contemplated.

A loved one is offered in sacrifice

An effort is made to belittle or ridicule, or put to shame another.

A flogging is administered.

One offers servility to another.

A drug is administered.

A secret sacrifice is planned or offered.

Plan to commit arson.

A disguise is penetrated.

A kidnapping is planned.

A sudden disguise is effected.

A forgery is planned.

It is sought to trick a trickster.

A robbery or theft is planned.

It is planned to take advantage of a mistaken identity.

A dual role is enacted.

A spiritual assistant is sought.

It is planned to use a surprise weapon.

METHOD OF ATTACK

(CONTINUED)

An appeal made for sympathy.

A mysterious advertisement is inserted.

A witness is secreted.

A misrepresentation is made as to one's age.

Advantage is taken of one who knows himself to be guilty.

A drug or chemical is used.

An appeal is made to filial or blood-relationship love.

An appeal is made to the underworld.

Valuable presents are offered.

A chemical analysis is made.

A compromise is offered.

An anesthetic is used.

An inspiration is sought.

Hypnotism is used.

It is planned to submit to bodily injury.

A secret hiding place is constructed.

It is planned to substitute one person for another.

One is lured to the haunts of criminals.

A clever substitution of objects is planned.

Mysterious baggage is concealed in trunks.

It is planned to cause a misunderstanding.

A strange emblem or symbol is placed as a signal.

A clever impersonation is planned.

A plan of action is abandoned for effect.

The use of twins or similar persons planned to confuse.

The use of fire is employed.

A clever play is made on sympathy.

Flight is attempted by way of ship, train, plane or bus.

Detection by trick questioning.

A strict policy of silence is employed.

METHOD OF ATTACK

(CONTINUED)

The assumption of a new identity.

A person is sent away on a mysterious trip.

A secret message sent for aid.

Marks are made to serve as a decoy.

The complete reversal of position.

A weapon is hidden.

An appeal made to vanity.

A murder is attempted.

The enactment of a clever role.

Arson is attempted.

The use of or attempt at a clever trick to stall for time.

A kidnapping is attempted.

To hide or place one's self inconspicuously.

A forgery is attempted.

The exercise of supreme self-control under trying circumstances.

A peculiar accident is caused.

An imaginary rival is introduced for effect.

Evidence is concealed.

A journey is made.

A wrong address is given.

A promise is broken.

Attempt at blackmail.

The obstacle is ignored at great danger.

The concealment of evidence.

Daring effort is made for a thing of little consequence.

An appeal made to the law.

A secret identity is unexpectedly revealed.

The use of political influence.

A misunderstanding is cleverly arranged.

A sacrifice of money.

METHOD OF ATTACK

(CONTINUED)

An appeal is made to honor or principle.

An appeal made to a religious creed, tradition or principle.

A daring offer is made to prove one's honor.

Confusing the enemy as to one's identity.

An appeal is made to filial or brotherly love.

A novel and unexpected signal for help.

Forgiveness is offered.

The use of open defiance against authority.

An offer is made to accept punishment to save another.

The use of violence.

Pathetic effort is made to eclipse another.

Heroic effort to stop panic.

Force is used to make an impression.

A villain is exposed.

Strategy is employed to prove an identity.

Capture is invited,

A real identity is purposely concealed.

Murder is planned in the guise of accident.

The use of bargaining to obtain a decision.

Armed opposition from a place of concealment.

The use of argument to obtain evidence.

A person is waylaid.

The use of ruse or strategy to attract attention.

The enemy is disarmed.

Using force to win sympathy.

There is a clever disguise of a signal.

Using strategy to surprise.

Demoralization by an unexpected show of strength.

The use of force to mystify.

Weapons are captured.

METHOD OF ATTACK

(CONTINUED)

The use of strategy to delay.

Reinforcements are cut off.

The use of argument to prove identity.

A clever trap is set.

The use of strategy to frighten.

A person is discredited.

The use of bargaining to hasten action.

Personal combat with weapons.

The use of strategy to uncover a clue or evidence.

A machine is captured.

Bargaining to silence.

A clever scientific weapon is used.

Ruse to establish rights.

Supplies are withheld or waylaid.

Using force to prove strength.

An ignorant person is bribed.

Offering a sacrifice to prove loyalty.

There is a flight overland.

Using strategy o conceal.

There is pursuit of a fugitive.

Resorting to ruse to allure.

A position is fortified.

The telling of an innocent lie to confuse.

The surrender of forces is agreed upon.

The use of entreaty to frustrate.

There is a raid from the air.

The use of bargaining to proselyte.

A messenger is intercepted.

The use of force to humble.

There is an appeal to the law.

Method of Attack

About to lose one's eyesight.

A threatened loss of a loved one.

About to be superseded by a subordinate.

Threatened death at the hands of one who has been wronged.

About to lose a long-promised reward.

Death threatened by an indiscretion.

The death of a loved one is threatened.

Exposure threatened by one who has been wronged.

The loss of honor or virtue is threatened by a deceiver.

Arrest and detection imminent.

One is about to lose valuable property.

About to be slugged.

Stolen goods, concealed, are about to be uncovered.

One is tempted to take his own life.

Secreted evidence of value is about to be uncovered.

One's life is secretly threatened by a rival.

An innocent person is about to unwittingly expose one.

An innocent, mistaken for a criminal, is about to be slain.

Caught in a compromising position, one's reputation is threatened.

Overzealous law enforcement threatens one's life.

One is about to be compelled to undertake the impossible.

One's life is threatened by an infatuated person.

One is about to overlook a marvelous opportunity.

An innocent is about to be framed by a guilty person.

Disgraced of a loved one is threatened.

One is about to give way to a criminal impulse.

One is about to fall into a trap.

One is about to wreak vengeance against an innocent person.

One is about to fall victim to superstition.

Misfortune is threatened by one's disclosing his plans to an enemy in disguise.

PREDICAMENT OR CRISIS

(CONTINUED)

One is about to lose an important wager.

One is about to become a victim of a custom, tradition or oath.

One's motives are misunderstood by those whom he would befriend.

One is threatened with robbery and death.

One is prevented from rescuing a loved one who is threatened.

One is about to be attacked by a maniac.

A mistaken identity is about to frighten one into a rash act.

One is about to receive a flogging at the hands of a bully.

The habit of forgetfulness threatens to cause a misfortune.

One is about to fall prey to a mental malady.

Because of having lied, one is involved in serious consequences.

One has permitted himself to be used as a dupe or tool.

One is about to make a confession to a hypocrite who feigns sympathy.

One is threatened with blackmail.

One is about to be seriously involved by the wayward acts of a kinsman.

A supposed friend and follower is an enemy in disguise.

One is about to permit a hot temper to cause a rash act.

A loved one is about to fall into a trap for another.

Having breached relations with a loved one a person finds a substitution infinitely worse.

A trap is about to be sprung prematurely.

It is discovered that one has overdone a thing so that an opposite effect is created.

One's life or liberty is threatened by a gang.

One discovers he has been buncoed by a designing and clever rascal.

One's guilt is about to be disclosed by an unexpected witness.

One falls prey to the sex attraction of an enemy.

Two characters secretly plot one another's death or ruin.

A mistaken identity has caused one to desert.

PREDICAMENT OR CRISIS

(CONTINUED)

A loved one is about to be injured or slain by one's own vile associates.

One is confronted with the apparent infidelity of a beloved one.

Fear of disaster compels one to keep secret his identity.

One is repulsed or spurned by another who is loved.

One is threatened with losing his spoils to another.

Two rivals or opponents are placed where only one can survive.

One is placed in jeopardy by the necessity of donning a disguise.

One is about to break or lose a perfect record.

One is marked or branded in a way that threatens misfortune.

Valuable testimony which will save one, is refused.

One is tempted to accept a bribe.

Through misunderstanding, one is about to desert a loved one.

Disaster is threatened by an epidemic.

A secret past is about to be disclosed to a loved one.

Mental derangement is threatened.

One is about to permit an insignificant obstacle to bring about downfall or failure.

Disaster is threatened by a revolt.

The indiscretion of a kinsman threatens to bring misfortune to one.

The loss of honor of a loved one is threatened.

One is accused of being a coward or weakling.

Banishment of a loved one is threatened.

Bashfulness or timidity threatens loss of victory.

One is about to slay an unrecognized kinsman.

One is about to have the "tables turned" on him.

One s about to permit a loved one who is unrecognized to perish.

One is threatened with great embarrassment.

Disaster is threatened by an explosion.

A loved one must be sacrificed to prevent exposure.

PREDICAMENT OR CRISIS

(CONTINUED)

A good name is threatened by a blackmailer.

The good name of a departed friend or loved one is threatened.

One is about to lose his own life.

One is threatened with expulsion or banishment.

One is about to be obliged to sacrifice a loved one to the law.

One is about to witness a loved one suffer defeat.

One is about to take his own life.

A new friend or loved one threatens to desert to old associations.

It becomes necessary to surrender a loved one or kinsman to the law.

Loss of home is threatened.

A would-be suicide is confronted with the problem of saving his own life.

Banishment is threatened.

Crooked politics deprive one of justice.

There is a threatened loss of position.

One is threatened with disgrace in his profession.

Loss of a reward of a loved one is threatened.

One is about to be kidnapped by a gang.

One is about to be disfigured.

One has committed a "faux pas" in official circles.

Misfortune is threatened by inclement weather.

One is surrounded by former evil associates whom he has deserted.

The loss of life of a loved one is threatened.

One is threatened with death if he does not perform the execution of a criminal commission.

A mistaken identity precipitates horror or terror.

One is forced to be an accomplice to a criminal.

One is about to be shanghaied.

One is about to be forced by a kinsman into becoming a criminal.

One has innocently aroused an insane jealousy.

PREDICAMENT OR CRISIS

(CONTINUED)

One is threatened by an avaricious person.

One is threatened by a vicious animal or reptile.

Sacrifice to passion, habit or mania threatens loss of relief.

One is threatened with disillusionment.

Parties desiring valuable information threaten abduction.

One has committed a "faux pas" in love or society.

An innocent person is accused of having committed a crime.

One has been seriously mislead by the presence of twins or a mistaken identity of persons.

Parties desiring revenge threaten a kidnapping.

In an effort to show off, one has rushed into great jeopardy.

A revolt against authority threatens disaster.

One is about to lose his confidence, or have will, or heart broken.

Mistaken identity threatens to result in an abduction.

One is seriously mistaken for the identity which he has assumed.

One whose identity is mistaken is about to suffer fatal consequences.

One is about to give way to a wavering or vacillating will.

One whose intentions are misunderstood is about to meet disaster.

One is about to be severely punished for a justifiable offense.

One is about to be compelled to sacrifice honor or principle.

One is threatened with starvation.

An illicit love affair threatens to cause disaster.

One is about to be flogged by a bully.

A fatal indiscretion threatens loss of life.

One is about to unwittingly break the heart of another.

Remorse threatens self destruction.

One is about to betray himself to a hypocrite.

A disastrous and fatal experiment is about to be tried.

One is about to discover the inferiority of a loved one.

A trap set for some one else is about to enmesh a loved one.

PREDICAMENT OR CRISIS

(CONTINUED)

One is about to betray his own inferiority.

One is about to fall a prey to the vengeance of a wronged woman.

One is about to ruin the career of a loved one.

Clever tricksters are about to victimize one.

One is about to throw suspicion on a loved one.

An infidelity is about to result in a murder.

One is about to separate dear ones.

One is about to betray himself to an enemy in disguise.

A thoughtless act is about to bring disaster to an unfortunate.

A loved one is about to learn of one's dishonor.

An unfortunate is about to be deprived of a cherished reward.

A holdup is in process.

One is about to permit a loved one to make a fatal sacrifice for him.

An innocent person is about to be led astray.

One is about to make an unnecessary sacrifice of his life.

One is about to be put "on the spot."

Through misunderstanding one is about to overlook a great opportunity.

One is being taken "for a ride."

Lovers are about to be separated by a misunderstanding.

One crime is about to be permitted to cover up another.

One is about to betray his secrets to a mechanism.

One is about to be involved with an illicit traffic.

Disaster is threatened by a boomerang.

One is tempted to become a counterfeiter.

A great mistake is about to be made because of a dream.

A would-be thief is about to be out done by another who is more clever.

One is about to desert a loved one rashly.

An intoxicated person is about to commit a rash and fatal act.

PREDICAMENT OR CRISIS

(CONTINUED)

One is about to drive away a loved one by an indiscretion.

One is about to place himself at the mercy of murderers.

One is about to misjudge or discredit great merit in another.

One is about to be caught in an effort to conceal the evidence of a crime.

A too-vivid imagination threatens to bring misfortune.

A virtuous woman is about to fall a prey to a designing man.

One is about to give up when victory is in sight

A poor man is about to be swindled by "slickers."

One is about to be compelled to sacrifice a loved one for another.

The knowledge of one's own immoral acts threatens loss of loved ones.

The Climax

Discovery is made that the identity of a character was mistaken.

The right of revenge is waived in a spirit of magnanimity.

In which the villain does his work so well that it reacts favorable to the hero.

In which former associates, double-crossed, wreak revenge.

In which the enemy is outwitted or defeated by a ridiculous co-incident.

A character is unwittingly tricked into a confession.

Wherein it develops that a trickster has been tricked or the joke turned on the joker.

A lowly character turns out to be an avenger.

In which a person discovers that he has been acting under a mad impulse and a change of mind takes place.

A woman wronged, unexpectedly wreaks vengeance.

Wherein a supposedly incompetent witness proves to be a nemesis.

An insignificant character proves to be a nemesis.

A persecuted character proves to be a kinsman or loved one of another who is only playing a role.

A villain meets the fate he has mapped out for another.

In which a supposedly interesting or funny story told by a character exposes his guilt.

One character actually helps another by trying to harm him.

Wherein a little child is the means of bringing about a reconciliation.

An enemy is tricked by friends of his intended victim.

In which a predicament acts to save a person from a worse situation.

By a prank of fate a villain is thrown in the way of one whom he has wronged.

Wherein a practical joke results in a tragedy to an unfortunate.

A tyrant is unexpectedly punished by fate in the hands of one who is mentally irresponsible.

THE CLIMAX

(CONTINUED)

A misunderstanding of this intentions of another results in an important change of plans.

It is proven that a crime has been committed against an innocent person who has exposed the villain.

In which a disassociated accident or incident affords relief.

In which an avenger is prevented from punishing his adversary for fear he will be involved.

A problem is solved by a coincidence.

It develops that an unexplained act of violence is a belated vengeance justified by an old relationship or conflict.

An unfortunate, expecting ruin, receives a reward instead.

A trap set for another enmeshes or threatens misfortune to a loved one of the avenger.

A grave danger is finally overcome by the supreme exercise of superhuman self control.

Wherein a pursuing enemy proves to be a loved one in disguise.

A simple incident is mistaken for dire consequence or ill omen and followed by fatal results.

It is discovered that a supposedly absent person is present.

The fault of a character, having caused trouble, eventually proves in itself a solution to a problem.

Conflict between enemies affords relief to the persecuted.

The long suffering sacrifice of a character is discovered by the person for whom it has been made.

A guilty person is allowed to escape because his crime is justified.

A person of importance sacrifices pride to right a wrong done by a kinsman or another.

A person is in jeopardy is saved by an unrecognized one whom he has befriended in the past.

A character assigned to do a wrong does it so well that the effect is just the opposite from that desired or planned.

THE CLIMAX

(CONTINUED)

It develops that an important and dangerous witness is mad or deranged.

A secret relationship between persons is unexpectedly discovered.

A villain is betrayed by one of his accomplices.

A lie having been told by a character complicates matters for him or acts as a boomerang later.

A person discovers that is persecuting a friend or loved one.

It develops that a well-intended act has resulted in tragedy for another.

The use of strategy or where a character feigns to be dead, injured or vanquished, is employed to save the day.

A terrible doom about to befall a character proves to be a role or face enacted by others for his rescue.

An object which has an important bearing develops to be other than it is thought to be.

A spiritual manifestation or sacred memory sways a decision.

The discovery that a mistake has been made in the parentage of a character solves a problem.

A character, discovering his own folly, changes his plan of action to rectify it and to prevent fatal results.

The apparent appearance of an apparition or occult demonstration save the day.

A terrible or sudden doom proves to be all a mistake in the identity of a person, thing, situation, design or intent.

Tragic events prove to be only a dream or operation of a disordered mind.

An apparently modest and unassuming character turns out to be a daredevil hero and puts to shame those who have criticized.

A chain of tragic events proves to be a story some one is telling.

A misunderstanding, careless misrepresentation, or failure to act or state the facts, results in tragedy.

THE CLIMAX

(CONTINUED)

An apparently tragic situation proves to be a ridiculous mistake.

An apparently terrible object of ill omen proves to be a thing of no consequence -- a case of mistaken identity.

An enemy is enmeshed in a revenge which he has planned for another.

In which a character makes a noble sacrifice for another who has a better right.

An enemy is betrayed by a woman he has scorned.

A character, distraught, is prevented from doing a rash act by a simple interference or plea from another.

An apparently slain or wounded one proves to be an enemy in disguise.

In which it develops that a person has purposely injured himself in order to accomplish an end.

What has appeared to be the commission of a crime proves to have been a mistake and that no crime was actually committed.

When it develop that a sacrifice made by a character was in vain or too late.

The enemy is enmeshed in the toils of the law.

In which a mistake has resulted in an unnecessary sacrifice.

Disaster is prevented by a strike, revolt, rebellion, or mutiny.

The revelation of the unworthiness of a character brings about the discovery of a real love for another.

A novel method is employed to delay the enemy until help arrives.

A person makes the discovery that he has mistaken his won emotions or impulses.

An exceedingly clever concealment of a crime is discovered.

A character accepts temporary defeat as a means of winning a victory later.

THE CLIMAX

(CONTINUED)

What appears to be a fatal situation for a character saves him from worse consequences.

The confession or solution of one problem supplies the solution of another one.

The enemy is confused, demoralized or caused to turn on one another by the clever action of a character.

A ridiculous misunderstanding has developed as a result of one or both characters mistaking the identity of another or where some other character is mistaken for either or both.

The enemy is attacked by his ow rivals.

An act of the subconscious mind prevents the occurrence of an injustice or tragedy.

It develops that a dangerous enemy is only a mad man.

It is discovered that a supposedly new affair between a man and woman is in reality one between old lovers.

Disaster to person is prevented by a storm or other natural phenomenon.

An insignificant but suspicious delay results in the making of a momentous decision.

The enemy or persecutor is led into a clever trap.

The affections of a character for a child, pet, or memory of an object, place or thing that is dear, brings about a reconciliation or ends a conflict.

By temporarily throwing suspicion on a person whom it fits, a character cleverly makes his escape.

A character is compelled to make a sacrifice of himself or of another in order to conceal an indiscretion.

Retaliation against an enemy brings an unexpected blessing to another.

It is discovered that there was no witness to an act by a character who has thought himself in jeopardy because of it.

THE CLIMAX

(CONTINUED)

What is thought to be an enemy or rival is a friend or some other character in disguise.

In which a witness whose testimony is feared decides to remain mercifully silent.

A character protects or avenges a kinsman or a loved one who is ignorant of the relationship between them.

In which a supposedly inferior person solves a problem for a superior.

An officer, knowing the justification, takes the law into his own hands and permits a lawbreaker to go.

A misunderstanding develops to have been caused by twins or triplets.

Escape is effected by the use of a novel means if signaling.

The unexpected interference of a stranger whose motives are unknown prevents a misfortune.

An unfortunate person is rescued by other enemies of the attacker.

In which one discovers that his suspicion of a loved one is unwarranted and was caused by an unfortunate occurrence which warrants sympathy instead.

An apparently innocent object or device proves to be a deadly weapon against the enemy.

In which a consuming love of the past is shattered by the changed appearance or character of the loved one or where disillusionment and relief from a lover's grief come as a result of a meeting after years have elapsed. (Feet of Clay.) (Shattered Ideal.) (Fallen Idol.)

In which a mercenary character is made the victim of his own greed.

Where the sacrificing under-dog in unexpectedly elevated over his superiors

Wherein black sheep or disowned child vindicates the honor of his family.

THE CLIMAX

(CONTINUED)

Wherein a benevolent character enacts a role, however dangerous, to corroborate representations or stand made by one who is embarrassed

Where a character who is impersonating another is compelled to be an accessory to avoid detection.

The discovery by a character of the blind faith of another in him results in his reformation.

A witness whose testimony is feared, unexpectedly silenced or impeached.

Wherein a character whose identity has been mistaken is obliged to play a part and surprisingly makes good.

Trusted employee or other character who has refused a bribe and lost great sum thereby, discovers that he has just escaped a trap and is to receive a greater reward.

Wherein a character is obliged by his own profession, duty, or pledge, to record or seal his own doom.

A witness refuses to testify against a person who has committed a justifiable crime.

The unexpected appearance of a former inspiring or controlling influence changes threatened defeat to victory -- or vice versa.

In which a suicide has been merely affected for a purpose.

Wherein a clever trickster is tricked by the intended victim.

Wherein a prank of fate places a tyrant or other hateful character at the mercy of the oppressed.

Wherein it develops that a terrible injustice has been done to a heroic character by overzealous minions of the law.

Wherein a character who is suspected develops to be in the service of the law or in a secret service.

What appears to have been a lost effort n a certain direction suddenly takes on an important significance in another way.

THE CLIMAX

(CONTINUED)

Wherein a character who is about to give way to a criminal or unholy impulse is prevented from entering a life of crime by an apparently trivial interference.

Wherein it develops that a person who is under pressure has a greater and more serious obligation than that which is supposed to motivate him.

Wherein a plot or crime is detected through the accidental presence of a mechanical witness.

Wherein hard-hearted man discovers that he has been tricked into making a concession by the clever work of a beautiful woman.

Wherein the guilty conscience of a person causes him to mistake the identity of a person, object or situation and to indulge in an indiscretion which results fatally.

Wherein a mercenary character is so centered on a selfish point that he overlooks a real opportunity which another grasps.

Wherein a guilty person misinterprets an accident or mistake attack as evidence that his guilt is known and confesses.

Wherein a guilty person and the case of the misfortune of another, discovers that he is making or has made an appeal to his own victim.

One who has been captured discovers that he is in the custody of a friend in disguise.

A person who has donned a disguise meets the other whom he is impersonating.

Wherein an enemy makes a sacrifice to protect a friend or a loved one.

Having sacrificed himself a person is suddenly and unexpectedly saved.

Wherein a person about to commit murder discovers that there is a gross mistake in the identity of persons or situations.

Wherein it develops that a character has sacrificed his life for a loved one.

THE CLIMAX

(CONTINUED)

In which a mistake in the identity of a situation causes one to take his own life or attempt to do so.

A needless sacrifice is prevented just in time.

In which one about to be murdered, kidnapped or seriously injured, resorts to a clever ruse to save himself.

In which a mechanical device proves a nemesis.

In which a villain is given a dose of his own medicine.

In which a wrong-doer is saved by a loyal servant or friend.

In which a conscience-stricken enemy, villain, or rival decides at the last minute to save the one whom he has doomed by sacrificing himself.

Wherein one who has evil intentions is outwitted by a clever young woman.

In which a clever girl outwits a brutal villain who would murder her lover.

In which what was thought to be a dream actually happened.

Wherein an unfortunate is saved because his punishment would involve the enemy also.

Wherein one is pursued by a friend or loved one and saved.

In which an apparently ignorant, unsophisticated or helpless person outwits a villain or turns the trick on him.

In which love triumphs over justified punishment.

In which it develops that a villain who is sought for a supposed crime is in fact the hero himself and no crime has been committed.

Wherein one is deterred from wrong doing by the knowledge of an example set by another, or by the relation of an experience of another.

Wherein a dangerous witness is suddenly destroyed or removed.

In which a case of mistaken identity of a person is discovered and a problem solved.

THE CLIMAX

(CONTINUED)

In which a case of mistaken identity betrays the enemy.

Wherein the discovery of mistaken identity of a thing solves a problem.

Wherein the operation of the subconscious mind is a prevention to the commission of a crime.

Wherein the discovery of a mistaken identity of a situation solves the problem.

Wherein the enemy makes a sacrifice for one who has a better right.

In which it develops that an imaginary pursuit of one is only a figment of the imagination.

In which a villain or an enemy is caught in a compromising position and compelled to capitulate.

Wherein it develops that a supposedly vicious menace is in reality nonexistent, or that an enemy or persecutor does not exist in fact.

Wherein a slight clue proves to be the undoing of a wrong-doer; and absolves an innocent.

In which maternal love saves the day.

In which the villain or an enemy disguised as an investigator is exposed by the person whom he is pursuing.

Wherein the love of a father saves the day.

Wherein the brags or boasts of a person results in his apprehension for an offense which has been charged to another.

In which a birthmark or other similar means of identification solves a serious problem.

In which two villains, both disguised, meet in conflict and an innocent person is absolved.

Wherein a fault which a person has, proves to be salvation.

Wherein a blackmailer is shown up in his true light and an innocent person saved.

Wherein unknown benefactor proves to be an unrecognized kinsman or loved one.

THE CLIMAX

(CONTINUED)

In which one who is about to destroy himself is saved by the unexpected appearance of a stranger.

In which the memory of a person inspires another to do the right thing.

In which a vicious animal, reptile or insect proves to be a nemesis to the enemy.

Wherein the mistake in the identity of an object terminates in a farce.

In which a peculiar characteristic or fault which the character has, proves to be a nemesis.

In which cool presence of mind under great stress solves a serious problem or provides a means of escape from a great predicament.

In which an enemy falls into a trap which he has set for another.

The Importance of Literary Style

Were it not for the clever literary style employed in the writing of a great many short-short stories which have been accepted and published they would have qualified as ordinary short-stories only. What is meant by this is that great many clever writers have taken what would otherwise have been an ordinary short-story and by either purposely misleading the reader with dialogue which has a double meaning or by withholding important facts until the last paragraph, they have made it into a "Short-Short" story. In other words, they have given it what we call the "trick" ending which is a big dramatic punch or surprise to the reader. In some of the short-short stories which have been accepted and published the reader is even left in a quandary and is required to supply his own interpretation at the end. In others he is left in a serious and reflective mood with a wealth of food for thought. In practically all of them which are written according to formula there is a surprise in the last paragraph. The majority of those which have been accepted and published are literary gems, or have distinctive features about them which lift them out of the ordinary. I will enumerate a few of these features in order to make myself clear. They are:

In which the dialogue is so clever that it elicits a chuckle or an outright laugh. For example, the last two paragraphs in "The Killer" a story written by Arthur T. Munion and published in LIBERTY, September 21, 1929, a "thumbnail" synopsis of which is number 16 on page 111. The closing paragraphs are as follows:

"Where," he wanted to know, "did you get that wallop?"

"That? Oh, that!" Armstrong assumed a worried look. "It's temper," he whispered. "Beastly thing, Baskerville. Ugh! I see red. Forget I'm human. Growl like a wolf. Grr-r-r. Likely as not to tear a man to ribbons when -- What, going, Baskerville? Well, any other time, you know..."

In which the dialogue is so cleverly written that it portrays a character so clearly that one can almost feel he has known the person. For example, in the story "Pearls" written by Philip Wylie and published in LIBERTY, October 5m 1929, the following paragraphs appear:
"Mr. Bradley's bland eyes became more lifeless and opaque. He said, "Quite."

"Throckmorton of Taine stared at the ceiling. "I thought with three months -- you

could -- er -- assemble something decent. About -- er -- say eighty thousand pounds -- what?"

"Mr. Bradleys fingers lifter and fell. "Quite," he repeated."

The "thumbnail" synopsis of this story is number 4 and appears on page 108.

In which the description is so well-worded that one is immediately transported into the atmosphere of the story, as in the case of "A Helping Hand," by Morton Thompson, which appeared in the October 19, 1929 issue of LIBERTY and the "thumbnail" synopsis of which is number 74 on page 123 of this Index. This is exemplified by the following paragraph:

"Here was her freedom in the magic city. And she had no hob. No money, no friends, no earthly chance of earning any. A chill must blew in from the Battery. Thin soupy rain followed."

The author of this story also reserved a terrific dramatic punch for the very last line wherein he tells us that what was found crumpled in the hand of the suicide victim was the five-dollar bill that he had given her and that it was a counterfeit, thereby leaving great latitude for speculation.

In which the story gets under way so speedily that the interest of the reader is immediately seized in an iron grip, with the result that it is impossible to lay down the magazine without reading the story through. An example of this will be found in "Taken For a Ride." ("Thumbnail" synopsis number 21 on page 112 of Index) and of which the following paragraphs are an illustration.

"Jennings was being taken for a ride. A man sat beside him on the front seat of his car with a gun pressed against his ribs. The gun was in the man's pocket, and was held in his left hand.

"Jennings didn't feel that he had ever done any harm to anybody. True, he as a bootlegger, but he was only a little one, and tried not to sell any poison stuff."

This story was written by William C. Ford, and this clever author not only gets his story under way at the top speed in the first two paragraphs but introduces his main characters in that space also.

In which the action of the character is so cleverly described that he is made to live and breathe and to be so human that the illusion of knowing him is perfect. As in the story "One Strong Thing," from the June 7, 1930 issue of LIBERTY, written by Carrie Tibbets McCausland, ("Thumbnail" synopsis number 7 on page 109of Index.) The following paragraphs illustrates:

"Ruth stood for a moment looking down at her husband. He looked at her with the eyes of a beaten dog and the grin of a satyr. She dropped quietly to her knees and began unlacing his shoes."

There is also a pathetic punch in this paragraph as it describes the actions of a wife who has decided to desert her husband because of his drinking -- and how her love triumphs over the decision when he comes in a drunk again.

Wherein in just a few words an author tells a whole story so cleverly that the reader sees in retrospect perhaps what has required years to develop in the life of a character. An example of this is contained in the story entitle, "He'd Have Said Goodbye - " by Philip Duganne in the July 5, 1930 issue of LIBERTY. ("Thumbnail" synopsis number 40 on page 116 of Index). I refer to the following paragraph.
"Emmy was a coward. Thirteen years in the state orphanage before old Caleb Ryder took her out to do the housework which his wife could not attend to from her grave, and five years of Fred's bullying were not the stuff to make courage.

This story also contains a number of other very clever paragraphs descriptive of action and atmosphere. We can see the characters in the story move about as if in real life or on the talking picture screen as we read the following paragraph from the same story.

"They searched until sundown -- the house, the barn, the ground. The sear leaves of the cornstalks rustled ominously as men moved among them, and the drunken scarecrows, witnesses, if there had been a crime, to the scene, flapped their straw-stuffed sleeves in the wind as though they shook with dreadful laughter."

In which the author has very cleverly described in just a few words at the end of his story retrospective action or events which explain everything and leave the reader aghast. An illustration of this is contained in the story, "The Perfect Murder," ("Thumbnail" synopsis number 79 on page 124,) written by Roy L. Mangum and published in LIBERT of April 11, 1931. Following is a paragraph:
"But then, Willowville folks don't known to this day that Emily Holden was Mark Melcher's daughter, that Mark had never been married, and that Old Man Fellows was the only human being on earth who knew those things.

In which the author has converted into a short-short story what would have been an ordinary short-story by opening up his action at the most interesting point of the narrative and then five or six paragraphs later describing in retrospect, previous events which would have been uninteresting reading. This was aptly illustrated in "Love 'Em and - " written by John Franklin Fellows and published in LIBERTY on August 15^th^, 1931. ("Thumbnail" synopsis number 59 page 119 Index."

His opening paragraph, which immediately seizes interest, was as follows:

"It was not until the brig West Away had been at sea three days that "Spud" Martin got his chance to kill Jack Wilton. But all the breaks were with him now, "Spud" thought grimly, even the fact that Jack and he had been watch mates for six years.

The retrospect which would have been a very uninteresting opening is contained in the following paragraph which appeared a little more than half way down the first column.

"For six years Spud Martin and Jack Wilton had been watch mates. For six years they had spent their hours ashore in the same haunts, and for six years they had shared their confidences and ideas. And Spud, with the admiration which the more homely and cautious of two intimates always show for the other, had studied Jack until he knew him better than he did himself. That was why Spud knew what Jack's attitude toward Elsie Saunders must be, even though Jack had become taciturn and avoided looking Spud in the eye."

All the way through these short-short stories one finds beautifully written lines which aptly describes atmosphere, action, and character. The following are a few examples:

"The old woman looked like a piece of crumpled brown wax lying there against a high ruffled pillow."

"The Doctor picked up the scalpel. He nodded to the curly-haired nurse. She placed the cone back on Addington's face. Drip. Drip. Dip.

"But she didn't hear what he was saying, for intuitively she placed that tone. It struck the cunning note of the conversationally intimate."

"Gingerly he seated himself upon the straight chair beside the desk and even as he did so the smiling mask dropped from Tim's face."

"The dismal spectre bowed again, settled himself wearily upon the cushions and placed the tin box between us."

"How could I know? What does any woman know about the man she marries? She begins with faith, she continues with hope and unless she divorces him she stays by him through charity." (Philosophy well put.)

**Analyzing Some Successful Short-Short Stories **

The publishers of LIBERTY Magazine have very kindly given their permission to reprint in full several of the short-short stories which have been purchased by them and published, and which provide excellent examples of clever plot construction, treatment, description, dialogue or literary style.

In practically every short-short story, there has been displayed by the author an outstanding cleverness in one of these features, and that is what lifts the story out of the class of the ordinary short-story into that of the short-short.

The following is a story which was published in LIBERTY on August 15, 1931, and one of those which I have selected as an example.

LOVE 'EM AND --

By John Franklin Fellows.

It was not until the brig West Away had been at sea three days that "Spud" Martin got his chance to kills Jack Wilton. But all the breaks were with him now, Spud thought grimly, even the fact that Jack and he had been watch mates for six years.

It was nearly dark, and the West Away was running into a blow off Sable Island. "Shorten Sail!" had been the order, and Spud Martin and Jack Wilton were on the yard furling the main T-gallant sail.

The rest of the crew were at their own stations. There would be no one to see the cause of the "accident," no one to prevent its inevitable result.

Spud Martin's usually good natured face looked strained, and his short, stocky muscles worked jerkily as he furled the sail to windward and studied Jack, who was down to leeward furling his side.

A handsome lad, Jack was, Spud thought, but he'd look different after he'd crashed to the deck seventy-five feet below.

Spud Martin pulled his sheath knife and severed the lashing which held the foot rope to the jackstay on his side of the yardarm.

Holding the foot rope in his hands, he watched bleakly as Jack Wilton began working his way in. And the closer Jack came, the greater grew the strain on the rope in Spud's hands.

Spud would have to let go shortly or be catapulted from the yard himself.

For six years Spud Martin and Jack Wilton had been watch mates. For six years they had spent their hours ashore in the same haunts, and for six years they had shared their confidences and ideas. And Spud, with the admiration which the more homely and cautious of two intimates always shows for the other, had studied Jack until he knew him better than he did himself. That was why Spud knew what Jack's attitude toward Elsie Saunders must be, even though Jack had become taciturn and avoided looking Spud in the eye.

Elsie Saunders was a hostess at the Royal Palm Dance Palace on St. Bedolf Street in Boston. Spud had taken one look at her and bought all her dance tickets for the rest of the evening.

Slim and undeniably graceful, with wide-set blue eyes and flaxen curly hair, she seemed an angel to Spud. And in the next few evenings Spud did his best to prove that he was -- well, made of better stuff than his unprepossessing exterior indicated he was. At any rate, Spud looked forward to seeing her after his next voyage.

Of course he didn't mention this unusual fidelity to his watch mate. He knew Jack too well. "Love 'em and leave 'em!" Jack would say scornfully, if not too originally. That was Jack, a reckless and handsome devil who could get away with it. And because Spud had never found a girl worth hanging on to, he had agreed with Jack.

It was different, though, when Spud met Elsie.

Unfortunately, on his next arrival in port, it fell to Spud to stand the anchor watch while the rest of the crew went ashore in the longboat. And when Spud finally got to the Royal Palms Dance Palace late that night, he found Jack dancing with Elsie Saunders.

Spud did not blame Elsie for the obvious fact that she had fallen for Jack.

Who would give a gorilla like himself a second look when Jack was about?

Nor did he blame Jack for cutting in on him. Jack had always grabbed the best girl he saw even if Spud had dated her first.

It had not matter much before. And what was to become of the girls Jack had loved and left hadn't mattered either. But Elsie --

The two watch mates had gone to sea again, and Spud had tried for three days to convince himself that "love 'em and leave 'em" went for Elsie as well as any other girl. He might have succeeded in convincing himself if Jack too had seemed to realize that Elsie was different, if Jack hadn't avoided looking his former chum in the eyes. But Spud had failed, and Jack would pay now.

* * * *

In spite of his straining hands, Spud felt the rope sag beneath Jack's weight. He saw the catlike nervousness with which Jack balanced himself.

Jack was scared! And Spud grinned mirthlessly as Jack's eyes looked into his own for the first time in three days.

"You ain't lost your nerve, Jack?" Spud asked, his voice harshly derisive above the sound of the wind in the rigging.

Jack nodded in the affirmative and grinned wryly. "With good reason, too," he said. "It's something I've been afraid to tell you."

Spud felt the rope biting into his calloused hands. He could hold but a moment longer. "What is it?" he asked indifferently.

"That after all the braggin' I done about lovin 'em and leavin' 'em," Jack blurted out, "I went and done it! I got hitched!"

Spud felt numb. So that was why Jack had been afraid to look him in the eye!

"Come in, quick!" he grated.

Jack, startled at the harsh command, obeyed it instantly, automatically. And as he sprang to the lee rigging, releasing the strain on the foot rope, the foot rope snapped taut. The sudden jerk threw Spud from the yard.

"Be good to her!" Spud yelled, as he hurtled toward the deck below.

The End.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This is one of the best examples I have ever seen where, by exercising clever judgment in the "point of attack," or in the manner of opening the story, the author has immediately aroused the interest of the reader in what would probably have been an uninteresting story if treated differently.

You will note that Mr. Fellows with his opening paragraph has jumped right into the action which immediately precedes the climax. The average inexperienced author, and a great many who are not inexperienced, would have begun the story with the later paragraph which is indicated by indentation, and would have probably lost a sale.

In this story, the author first establishes a highly dramatic situation by telling you in the first five lines that one of his characters is out to kill the other one, thereby also establishing a strong thread of suspense, and creating in your mind a desire to know the "Whys and wherefores," or what it is all about. Then, eight paragraphs later, he describes in less than one hundred words the events leading up to the crisis with which he opens the story and presents the entire background and complication, at the same time giving you a history of his characters.

The plot in this story is very ordinary, being nothing more than a situation in which a jealous rival sacrifices himself for the benefit of another man who has a better right to the girl. The climax is not particularly strong, nor novel. It was no doubt the author's manner of telling the story in such a way as to immediately seize the interest of the reader and hold it, that resulted in the sale of this story to LIBERTY.

The next published short-short from LIBERTY which is outstanding and calls for favorable comment was published on May 23, 1931. It follows:

THE HEADSMAN

By Guy Gilpatric

We pulled into Lyon at about midnight, and found that we had twenty minutes to wait. Beth said she felt hungry, so I walked along the platform to one of those little white enameled pushcart buffets that they have in the French railroad stations, and bought a jar of meat pate, some fresh, flaky rolls and a demi of Burgundy.

I was just paying for these when I saw a switch locomotive shunting a flat car into the shed, and coupling it to the rear of our train. On this flat car, lashed by the wheels, was a shiny black wagon such as is used by undertakers when they call around at the house to pick up a job. Sitting under this wagon were two gendarmes, huddled in their cloaks and smoking cigarettes.

I called the buffet boys attention.

"Oh! Why, that is Monsieur Diebler's black wagon!" he exclaimed. "Do you know what is inside that wagon, monsieur? It is the bois de justice -- the guillotine! There was an execution here this morning, and now they are taking it back to Paris. But buy a paper, monsieur, and you will read!"

I bought; and having taken the paper and the food back to the compartment, I started to read aloud.

"Ugh!" Beth interrupted before I was half through. "If you must read such horrors, read them to yourself. I am trying to eat. Please!"

It wasn't the sort of thing to give one an appetite, at that. A certain Madame Lubet, who had paid the plenty of her crime at fourteen minutes after five that morning. Monsieur Deibler, who, it appeared, always attends to these little matters for the Republic, had arrived from Paris with the official guillotine the night before, and had set it up on the cobblestones in the prison yard.

Now in doing this, said the journal, Monsieur Deibler had been gravely at fault. For when the struggling victim was lashed to the table, the apparatus had shifted just enough on the uneven cobbles to cause the knife to jam at -- well at an awkward point. Thus, the job was not exactly neat; in fact, its completion had required a certain amount of hand work by Monsieur Deibler.

"It is deplorable," the newspaper declared, "that the horrors of capital punishment should thus be increased by the blunders of the callous ghouls who are paid to inflict it. We respectfully petition the Minister of Justice to dismiss the man Deibler from the service of the state."

The train was clicking across the switches out of the yards. A shadow fell across us. We turned, and saw a cadaverous figure standing in the door -- a man who wore a long black cloak, and who carried beneath his arm a black tin case about the size and shape of a hatbox. He bowed low.

"Pardon," he said, and his voice was a hoarse croak. "If I may intrude, I will avail myself of this vacant place."

There was nothing for me to say, so I merely nodded, and waved my hand toward the seat beside me.

The dismal specter bowed again, settled himself wearily upon the cushions, and placed the tin box between us.

I glanced at Beth. She was leaning forward from her place in the corner, staring at the thin, ivory-yellow countenance of the newcomer. I caught her eye. She inclined her head slightly, and moved her lips. No sound came from them, but I knew she was saying: "Deibler!"

I had no doubt, of course, that she was right. Here, sitting beside us in the compartment, was the Headsman of France -- he who had this very morning completed with his own man the gruesome job which his apparatus had bungled.

An unpleasant odor became vaguely perceptible, an odor as of cheap perfume mixed with a chemical disinfectant. I had never smelled any embalming fluid, and yet I recognized it at once. I wondered, and yet was afraid to wonder, what was in that tin box...

Monsieur Deibler sighed sepulchrally, and commenced jotting something in a notebook which he rested upon his bony knee. He seemed to be drawing curves and lines.

I glanced surreptitiously over his shoulder.

What he had drawn was profile view of a woman's head, with dotted lines crossing the neck and skull. He studied this diagram in solemn silence and at length. Then, sighing once more, he thrust the notebook into his pocket, and turned to me.

"Monsieur," he said, "pardon the liberty which I take in addressing you. But today, monsieur, I have had great misfortune. My career will be ruined. I ask you, monsieur, did you see this evening's paper? The -- er -- legal news?"

"Yes," I answered, "I did see it, monsieur."

"Ah," he said. "Then you have guessed to what I refer! It is not a matter which ordinarily I would mention before strangers" -- and he bowed to Beth and smiled a wolfish smile -- "before a charming lady."

I don't know exactly what I said, but in any case --

"The fault, if there was a fault, was with the apparatus," he continued. "The affair was entirely beyond human control. Harsh things have been said about me by those in important circles. The name, even of the Minister of Justice has been invoked. Well, I, too, can appeal to Monsieur the Minister! With what I have here." He patted the tin case and chuckled sardonically.

I shuddered, and edged away from him along the seat.

"In the box, monsieur?" I exclaimed, recoiling. "You have it in the box? Ah, pray put it out in the corridor!"

"Oh, no, indeed," he demurred. "It is so precious that I do not want it out of my sight. People are saying that I was forced to cut away -- er -- cut away what was left by hand. But with the contents of this box, monsieur, I hope to be able to convince both the medical authorities and the officials of justice that all such talk is rankest calumny. But see, monsieur!"

He unsnapped a catch and threw open the top of the box. There, with lips purple, cheeks waxen, eyes glassy, and its hair a tangled mass of black, reposed a head!

I heard Beth give that little whispery cry that always means she is about to faint.

"Things went against me today, but now I will appeal to the highest tribunal!" croaked the headsman. "I will set up my apparatus in court, and demonstrate that it could not possibly be as the witnesses and the newspaper have said. Yes, I, Pierre Auguste Renoir Giraudy, the greatest hair-dresser in France, will prove with this model that Suzette Valier, who claims seventy thousand francs damages because my permanent waving machine burned off her hair, is a liar!"

THE END.

One of the first things that impresses the reader of this story is that the author has traveled and knows his locale. His description of French atmosphere is so perfect that the reader is immediately transported into the realm of the story.

Following this, we are immediately interested when he starts to describe gruesome details of an execution by guillotine which has taken place that morning, thereby "planting" the events, or setting the stage, for what it is to follow.

The outstanding feature of this story is the clever manipulation of dialogue and description in such a way as to totally mislead the reader, or rather, to cause the reader to mislead himself by forming the wrong conclusions -- which, by the way, are very natural in this case.

In this story not only is the reader fooled but so are the two main characters, all being lead to believe that the eccentric hair dresser is none other than the equally unusual executioner, and that the tin box contained the gruesome severed head of the executed woman.

In looking back over this story after experiencing the surprise shock and consequent relief in the last paragraph, one cannot find a single instance of where the author has practiced any fraud on the reader. Every bit of dialogue, action, and description is logical and can be accounted for. Of course, the whole story is based on coincidence of the strangest kind, but not upon something that could not happen.

As a short-short story with a surprise twist ending, this is a masterpiece.

The next one which I will analyze was written by a woman, and is high-lighted with clever and sophisticated description and dialogue throughout, besides having a "stinger" in the last line. This story was published in LIBERTY, on April 4, 1931, and follows:

GET YOUR MAN

By Roberta Yates

"I'm glad to see you, Ellen. Of course I am. But I -- I wish you hadn't come to New York."

Julie Andrews looked at her kid sister with troubled eyes.

Ellen looked back with the clear, laughing eyes of eighteen.

"Afraid the big town'll get me? Don't worry. I've learned about life in Freesburg. The men there keep up with the attacks of the times."

"Do they?" Julie asked dryly. "I hoped you'd marry some nice boy there."

"Five nice ones asked me. It's easy to get a man to ask you to be his wife. You just refuse to be anything else."

"So it's that simple."

"Or else run in a rival on him. Depends on cases. I use a couple of systems. Say, you do yourself well, you plutocrat." Ellen surveyed the penthouse living room with its expensive, modernistic furnishings. She looked at Julie's frock, which bore the stamp of Paris.

"You know, Sis, it surprised me when you made good in New York. You're awfully clever to manage all this on a hundred a week and send money home, too."

"I -- I manage."

Fear in Julie's voice an in her averted eyes. Ellen didn't seem to note it.

"Modeling must be nice work -- wearing pretty clothes and all. It isn't hard, is it?"

"No, it isn't hard," Julie said. "But I'm not working now. It's the off season. We're going to the theatre tonight. A friend of mine is bringing a friend of his."

Ellen gave her an athletic hug. "I'm tickled with everything. Remember when you said you'd make a mint of money in New York and marry a millionaire? Well you've made your mint. Have you made your millionaire?"

Julie's smile was strained. "Don't be silly!"

"Millionaires tonight?"

"Whitney Randolph has a bit. Wallie Langford hasn't so much."

"And I suppose he's for me. Oh, you bum!"

Ellen had a grand evening. She gushed and squealed, but now and then her bright eyes rested thoughtfully on Whitney Randolph. She liked him. Oh, A lot! Who wouldn't? He had movie-star looks -- lean and brown, with a crinkly grin. But she didn't like his possessive attitude toward Julie. And Julie -- Well, she let him get away with it.

Wallie Langford was a drab young man. Ellen paid him little attention until she saw him looking at Julie like a dog who yearns for a pat but expects a kick.

"I'm out of luck," Ellen murmured. "You're both in love with Julie."

"But Whit holds the aces," Wally said.

When Julie and Ellen were alone together, Ellen said: "You're crazy about Whitney Randolph, aren't you?"

"I like him," Julie said guardedly.

"Are you engaged to him?"

"No. Oh, no." Julie's lips tightened. "His mother wouldn't let him marry me. She's a snooty dowager."

"The poor worm!" Ellen stormed. "Hasn't he the nerve to marry without his mother's permission? And where'll he find a gorgeouser girl than you?"

"Don't take it so hard, Ellen." Julie tried to be light.

"Julie, you oughtn't to let him thinks he owns you." Julie went scarlet. "You ought to go around with other men. I heard Wallie Langford ask you to dinner tomorrow night. Why don't you go?"

"Wally bores me."

"Whit is going to a debutante dance. I'd show him."

"I'll go," Julie said.

On the next evening Julie departed with a Wallie who was dazed by his good luck. When the door closed behind them, Ellen sprang to the telephone. She gave the number of Whitney Randolph's club and waited nervously while he was paged.

"Hello," he said.

She spoke in a breathless squeak. "This is Ellen, Julie's sister. Oh, Mr. Randolph, can you come over at once? There's something wrong. I can't tell you over the telephone."

When Whitney Randolph arrived, she was still breathless.

"I know I shouldn't butt into Julie's affairs, but I know she loves you. I can't imagine what makes her do such a thing, though I guess every girl wants to get married."

"What are you talking about?"

"I'm telling you. About Julie marrying Wallie Langford. He's been asking her to for ages, but she wouldn't because she loves you. Then she got to thinking what would happen to her when you married a debutante. So Wallie and she went to Greenwich to have dinner, but really to get married."

"Let me get this," Whitney Randolph said hoarsely. "Julie eloped with Wallie Langford? Ellen, are you crazy?"

"I tell you she did."

"I know that road house Wallie goes to in Greenwich," Whitney said.

"Can you stop them?"

Ellen was talking to air. Whitney had gone. She picked up a book and began to read it calmly, but now and again she looked at the clock. At eleven the telephone rang. Central said that Greenwich, Connecticut, was calling. Julie's voice came, shrill with excitement.

"Ellen, I'm married... Who to? Why, to Whitney, of course."

"So he did fall for it," Ellen said.

Julie didn't hear her.

"He dashed in and accused Wallie of eloping with me. Poor Wallie was so surprised. Then Whit literally dragged me out by the hair. He said he didn't give a hoot what his mother said. And I'm so happy."

"Congratulations," said the kid sister. "I'll be getting back to Freesburg, now that you're fixed up."

"Any darned fool could tell from your letters home that you weren't happy, darling, so I came along to help. There's always a way to get your man."

Ellen rang off. "Even if you're idiot enough to be his mistress first," she added.

THE END.

Observe how this author establishes the contrasting characters of these sisters in two paragraphs of less than fifty words. Both are intensely human, and just exactly like girls we all know, although they are so different from each other.

Study the second paragraph which is indented and just observe the dramatic complication that is suggested by thus author in a bit of dialogue between the two girls. We do not have to be told that the older one is involved. Then look at the way she builds up her characters in those five words: "Ellen gave her an athletic hug."

Miss Yates sets her stage and moves her characters about with a vim and snap that is refreshing. She does it with a few words in the paragraphs a sentences which are intended and set in black.

The author then stands you on your head, figuratively speaking, with a last line that takes your breath -- Wow, what a stinger! -- and something to think about! This is one of those six methods of supplying the surprise or trick ending wherein facts which are pertinent to the story are purposely withheld to supply the necessary punch in the last paragraph.

Number Four which follows, and which was one of the first short-shorts to be published in LIBERTY, is outstanding because of two features. It appeared in the October 19, 1929 issue:

A HELPING HAND

By Morton Thompson

It was only a week before her last ten cents had gone for carfare and left her stranded in a downtown park. Around were vague tall buildings Crowds scurried back and forth in front of her. A man stopped to speak, and she looked at him so dully he moved away abashed.

The small figure in the cheap crushed hat, the wrinkled coarse clothing, drooped. Here was money moving around her; here were people working, eating, sleeping, all with cares and happiness of their own. Working in clean offices, in bedlams of department stores.

Here was her freedom in the magic city. And she had no job. No money, no friends, no earthly chance of earning any. A chill mist blew in from the Battery. Thin soupy rain followed.

Through it all, disappointment glued her to the bench motionless. She had long since forgotten to cry. A man came through the park. His thin coat was buttoned close against the soul-dissolving moisture -- a young man in poor clothing, and with a tired face.

He saw the girl. There was something so arresting in the sight of her sitting on the bench alone in the dark, so heedless of the rain beating down on her, that he quickened his steps and planted himself before her.

"What's the matter, girlie?"

She raised a dull, hopeless face. There was no vestige of anything left upon it but hopelessness. He sat down beside her and forgot the weather.

"What's happened to you? You look as if you'd lost your last friend."

"I never had no friends."

The words moved quickly. They were unstressed.

"Aw, say! Come on, now; you don't mean that."

He pit his arm around her. At the touch she gave way; sobbed and sobbed -- gasping noises in an incoherent jumble of words that told the same old old story.

The narrow home life in the narrow upstate town and the ultimate flight to the Big City to show "them." Money going, going, gone at last. Unknown, jostled by the crowds and the bigness, and the final decision that all men's hands were against her.

"And so I come here, and I'd almost finished the course in the night school and I was goin' to get away from that lousy factory and they laughed at me; all of them did -- an' -- an' now lookit me!"

He pointed to a row of newspaper buildings at one end of the park.

"I work there. Here's the address. Come there tomorrow and I'll get you a job."

"Aw, mister, you don't mean it, do you."

"Sure I mean it, kid. I know what it is to be poor, an' come to this town without a nickel and not knowin' anybody. I did it myself. But you'll forget it soon. Wait'll I get you your job and you'll be workin' and you'll tell me some day how funny it was... The world ain't all bad, kid. People don't laugh at you when you get in trouble. Lookit me. First person saw you, I bet, and see how I'm tryin' to help you!"

She could not speak. Things moved so suddenly past. He stood up. In his pockets were a five-dollar bill and two ones, last remnants of a small salary.

His hands moved among the bills, prudence sweeping the fine cloud of altruistic exaltation a little off his mind. Then she looked at him and the animal devotion and relief in her face made him throw off reserve. "Here, kid. Here's a five spot. Get some sleep and get cleaned up, an' I'll see you in the morning."

He was gone. She sat quiet for a moment while her world swam. A clock boomed and the noise loosed her taut nerves. Down on the dripping pavement she sank and sobbed and beat the cold stone. Free again! The world had opened to her! Half mad with joy, she stumbled toward the light of a yawning subway...

In one of the offices in the large newspaper building the next morning, the young man heard his name called. Gangsters had been busy during the night.

"- And go down and get some kind of description, will you?"

"O.K."

Into the squat building he slouched. Somewhere here was the man he was looking for.

The morgue attendant hurried up in time to watch the young man's strange motions. He had backed away from a file of slabs and was leaning one hand upon a table.

His eyes opened incredulously. There on a slab directly in front of him was the girl he had befriended last night in the park. The little fool! After he'd been so decent to her. Talked on all the virtues of humanity and tried to be a friend to her; was ready to lend her a helping hand. Given her his last five-dollar bill even.

The morgue man glanced from one face to the other.

"J'know her?"

The reporter pulled himself together. What the hell! All in a day's work.

"Naw. I seen her some place, I guess."

"Oh! Well, say! She sure was a funny case at that."

The reporter was moving toward the aisles again.

"Yeah?" he flung back over his shoulder.

"Yeah. They brought her in about two-thirty this morning. Drowned herself, she did."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah. Down by the Battery. Funny thing. They bring her in all wet and dripping and lay her out, an' whaddaya suppose she ad clinched in her hand but --"

"A PICTURE!" finished the young man disgustedly.

"Naw! It was a counterfeit five-dollar bill!"

THE END

Mr. Thompson's description is beautiful, and he gets into a heart-interest situation which grips you before the end of the second paragraph. Just visualize the scene descried in paragraph 2. One almost shivers and experiences the chill mist and thin soupy rain.

Observe how the author intersperses his history or retrospect with interesting action and dialogue which keeps the story moving -- as illustrated in about the 12^th^ paragraph which is indented. Also, observe how cleverly he has handled the continuity of his story, or the changes of time and place, with no apparent break or annoying lapses.

The biggest feature in this story is the climax, or paradoxical ending which leaves the reader aghast and forces him to go back and read the story over again in an effort to discover what could possibly had lead up to its shocking end. In other words, it certainly leaves much food for thought and speculation, and is one of those stories which sticks in one's mind because it leaves unanswered a number of questions.

Why did the girl commit suicide? How did she discover the bill was counterfeit? Was this the straw that broke the camel's back?

This is the type of short-short that O. Henry might have written and it is easy to see why the editor who bought it immediately recognized its merit.

The next story is another written by a woman and, although it contains no startling plot, it has some outstanding merit. It was published in LIBERTY on July 5^th^, 1930.

HE'D HAVE SAID GOODBYE

By Phyllis Duganne

Emmy was awakened by their angry voices in the kitchen below, Fred and Dan Ryder, quarreling more loudly, more fiercely even than usual. She huddled beneath the patchwork quilt, listening. Ever since their father's death, they had quarreled so. Fred wanted the farm to himself; he hated his younger brother, hated Emmy. Until yesterday she had been sick with fear that Dan would go.

Her frightened mouth relaxed, a warmth crept over her thin body. If it hadn't been for Fred's wanting to send her away, Dan might never have loved her. It was only yesterday that that miracle had occurred. Fred had told her to get out, had struck her -- and Dan had come swiftly around the corner of the barn. Had picked up in his strong arms and steadied her trembling.

"Em!" he had said. "Why, Em!" He stared at her, and then held her tightly. "Why, Emmy..." And she had put her lips to his.

The tremulous softness of those young lips was destroyed once more as she pressed them together to stifle a scream. Below, in the kitchen, had sounded the report of a gun.

Emmy was a coward. Thirteen years in the state orphanage before old Caleb Ryder took her out to do the housework which his wife could not attend to from her grace, and five years of Fred's bullying were not the stuff to make courage. For a long time she waited. Then, shaking, she got out of bed and walked down the stairs in her cotton-flannel night-dress.

Fred Ryder stood at the foot of the steps. "Well, what do you want, you little fool?" he demanded.

She wet her lips, trying to speak, her eyes straining to see past him, into the kitchen.

"That damned hound of Dan's ain't going to root up any more land on this farm," said Fred Ryder grimly. His thin lips moved in something like a smile. "Use'm for fertilizer, now." Then his face darkened. "You git back to bed or we'll use you for fert'lizer, too!"

Emmy got back. It seemed hours later that she heard a second shot. She pulled the patchwork up over her head and lay motionless.

The kitchen was empty when she crept downstairs to get breakfast. Then Fred came in from the barn whistling, and sat down at the table.

"Wh-where's Dan?" she whispered.

"Cleared out," he answered shortly. "An' you clear out, too!"

As soon as he was gone, she thrust her thin arms into her dingy sheep-skin coat and started running down the valley. The ground was hard; frost had come early this year, and the wind was cold. The brown stalks of the corn crackled as she brushed against them, and the lank scarecrows who guarded the field seemed to lean toward her, leering.

In half an hour the entire town was in an uproar. That state girl from Ryders' had come crying to old Sheriff Dillingham that Fred Ryder had murdered his brother! The valley road looked like Sunday morning, alive with wagons and Ford cars and people, all moving swiftly, more tensely than ever they moved to worship.

Fred Ryder laughed at them. He and Dan had had a quarrel and Dan had cleared out. He didn't know nor care where the fool had gone. Good riddance, said Fred Ryder, and his eyes rested, with no emotion stronger than contempt, upon Emmy's pale, accusing face. Shots? Of course. A man had a right to shoot a worthless hound, hadn't he? The quarrel had begun over that damned dog.

"Dan wouldn't have gone away 'thout' saying goodbye to me," said Emmy in her thin voice.

Dan's brother looked at her and snorted. "I knew Dan was a fool, but I didn't think he was that much o' a fool!"

Someone laughed. Emmy's voice was scarcely audible, flat, and unaccented. Why had there been two shots?

He'd shot at the hound twice, Fred answered easily. Tense with excitement, the men solemnly exhumed the body of Dan's dog. There was one bullet wound.

Fred shrugged. He was no sharpshooter, that was all. He must have missed the second time. As detectives they were first class farmers, said Fred Ryder.

Two state policemen arrived on motorcycles. The accused murderer became jocular. If he had killed his brother, he suggested pleasantly, there'd probably be a corpse somewhere about.

They searched until sundown -- the house, the barn, the grounds. The sear leaves of the corn stocks rustled ominously as men moved among them, and the drunken scarecrows, witnesses, if there had been a crime, to the scene, flapped their straw-stuffed sleeves in the wind as though they shook with dreadful laughter.

There was no body, and the searchers looked at Emmy curiously. "He'd have said goodbye to me if he'd gone away," she repeated, almost without emphasis.

The sheriff took Fred Ryder home with him that night, and the search recommenced in the morning. They could not find Dan Ryder dead -- but they could not find him alive. Insistent, tireless, the girl Emmy reiterated her statement: "Dean wouldn't've gone away 'thout' sayin' goodbye to me."

"You can't hang a man, Emmy," Sheriff Dillingham told her. "when the victim may be walkin' around on his own two legs."

On the third day, Emmy sat, dry-eyed, paler than ever, watching the searchers. One by one, they were giving up, forming a doubtful group about the sheriff. Emmy's dull eyes closed. They mustn't give up. Once Fred was released and back here, unwatched --

Dan's cat came and rubbed against Emmy's legs, and the girl stroked her absently, her eyes on the men. They mustn't stop searching. The cat was hungry. As Emmy moved across the furrowed field toward the sheriff, it followed her, purring against her skirts, weaving in and out about her thin legs as it had used to do with Dan.

The sheriff shook his head. "Emmy, there's nobody here." The others nodded.

"Dan would've said --" she began again monotonously, and suddenly her thin voice stopped. Her dull eyes became enormous.

Waist-high in the withered corn, a grotesque scarecrow stood before them, its featureless face of bunched tight about its overstuffed body. Dan Ryder's cat rubbed against its flapping trousers, purring loudly, lifting herself up on her hind legs and arching her soft back.

The men looked at Emmy's staring eyes and their blood went cold. Reluctantly the sheriff stepped forward and lifted the ragged hat. The packed straw slid down, and the thing lurched sideways as the sheriff snatched away his trembling hand.

"He'd have said goodbye to me," whispered Emmy dully.

THE END.

This is another example of where the author has opened the story with interesting action, reserving the historic description of characters and situations until some paragraphs later. Like THE HEADSMAN, this story also has a gruesome element, which a great many people like, perhaps because they enjoy being shocked.

Observe how this author has crowded a whole life story of one of her principal characters into one interesting paragraph of less than fifty words, and how she has jumped from the present to the past and back again with no apparent break. Here she not only gives a perfect description of the character but of her past as well while at the same time keeping the action in the story moving. Take a look at the second paragraph which is indented, and observe how this young woman indulges in a bit of realistic, but brief, description which projects perfect illusion for anyone who has ever walked through a corn field on a winter day. It is the ability to observe and describe such apparently trivial things as the rustling of corn stalks and the flapping of the straw-stuffed sleeves of the scarecrow in the wind that differentiates the seasoned writer from the amateur.

A strong thread of suspense is maintained throughout in this story and the surprise climax is heightened by the simple introduction of a cat which leads to a gruesome discovery. The ending of this story is on a par with the ending of that famous French story in which a sculptor conceals the body of the victim of his crime by covering it with plaster and mounting it in an art gallery.

Another outstanding feature in this story is the pathetic faith of the girl and her insistent moaning, which is expressed in the last line.

The last of this series which I have selected for illustration and comment was published in LIBERTY on May 24, 1930 and follows:

ROUND HEELS

By Houston Day

John Addington closed his eyes. The nurse with the curly hair was rubbing his face with vaseline. Then she covered his mouth and nose with a cone.

"Breathe deeply."

Obediently Addington inhaled the sweet fumes. He wondered how badly he was hurt. What was the doctor going to do to him? But even before he could begin to answer his own questions he realized he was suffocating.

He struggled. Fought to unclasp his hands. He wanted air. Again, distantly, he heard the nurse.

"A deep breath... Now... Again... Again."

Addington obeyed. Magically the feeling of distress passed. He dreamed. Memories flooded his mind in flashing pictures.

He saw himself as he knocked at Evelyn Hayes' apartment on Grove Street. Then, with scarcely an interval, he was inside.

His face tingled. She had slapped him. Bill Walsh had said she had round feels. Bill was wrong. But Bill Walsh wasn't usually mistaken. He was a good promoter.

He saw himself with Bill at the hotel in the Adirondacks. They were vacationing together. He saw the lake. From their rowboat it stretched in a calm expanse of shimmering blue to the shore, where the shadows of the fir trees turned its color to the black of molten tar.

They were in the water struggling. It was cold. Like melted ice. Their boat, bottom up, was slippery with moss. There was nothing to grasp. He cried out. Addington knew he was drowning. The finality of death terrified him. He saw Bill's distorted face. His hair was hanging in sodden locks. Bill was careful of his hair. He wore it long. Brushed straight back. He heard voices. Welcome voices. A hand reached over and grasped him. They were saved.

Now he was in the city. At Evelyn's apartment. She had slapped him again, only two night before, but he had gone back. He really liked her now. Bill was wrong. She wasn't that kind.

Evelyn was weeping. She had lost her job.

"I don't know what I'll do."

He pillowed her head on his shoulder.

"But Baby, why worry, when you have me?"

But Evelyn was despondent. She dabbed at her eyes.

"I'll have to give up the apartment."

He held her closer. Tenderly. Then he drained his glass. The grin smelled like anti-freeze compound. But it glowed pleasantly in his stomach.

"I'll tell you what, dearest. If you don't find something by the first, we'll take a stroll down to the Municipal Building and get married. What do you say?"

Evelyn said no. Said it emphatically and unequivocally. She didn't want to be tied down to a husband, a radio, and a vacuum cleaner.

But the alcohol had sharpened his perception. Evelyn was too positive. He didn't believe her. He became more cautious. He had already said too much. What the devil did he want to get married for, anyway?

The gin began to lose its effect. There was no glow now. Instead, each succeeding glass seemed to hit him dully on the back of his neck. He wanted to go home. He felt dull and stupid. Tired, too. He would have a headache in the morning.

Evelyn leaned closer.

"Don't go just yet. I'm so lonesome and blue."

Three days later they were married.

The doctor picked up the scalpel. He nodded to the curly-haired nurse. She placed the cone back on Addington's face.

Drip. Drip. Drip.

Addington' dream pictures became shorter. More vivid. More fantastic. He was in the army. A German lunged at him with a bayonet. He parried -- jabbed. The German was Bill Walsh. But he had a French rifle. His bayonet was a yard long. He leered and said:

"She's got round heels!"

Then he felt Walsh's bayonet pierce his body. He screamed. Walsh was standing over him. He plunged the bayonet in again. And again. Each time the pain became more intense. Why didn't it kill him? He couldn't move. Couldn't squirm out of the way.

The scene faded. He was in an airplane. Bill Walsh was the pilot. They soared through misty clouds. He felt the vibrations of the propeller, but there was no noise.

Then he was falling. Falling. Falling through space. Bill had dumped him out. Where was his parachute? Frantically he searched for the cord. It wasn't there. But had a parachute. He knew it. He twisted his body in the air.

Beneath him the ground rushed up. It was just like he had read. He saw a telephone pole. It had a sharpened point. He was going to strike it. He cried out.

The nurse looked at the doctor. He nodded. She opened a second can. Drip. Drip. Drip.

Another dream. He was at the office. He knew he had been right. But the boss was insultingly emphatic in his criticism.

"And if you don't like it, you know what you can do!"

His employer wore his familiar, baggy suit, but his face was that of Bill Walsh. Addington tried to justify himself for quitting, as he ascended the steps to his apartment.

He unlocked the door. And then again he saw Bill Walsh. He felt a different pain -- a stunning, rending pain, but he did not cry out. How funny they looked. Bill's coat was hung over a chair. There was revolver, too.

He saw himself shooting. He hardly recognized the pale, angry face as his own.

"Don't!" screamed Evelyn. "Oh, don't!"

She should have kept quiet. He turned the gun toward her and pressed the trigger.

Then there were policemen. He had fired. They shot back. He couldn't feel their bullets. Except when he started to run. Then they stabbed sharply. Bill had said she had round heels. He must have known...

He opened his eyes. He felt deathly sick.

"My God! What a nightmare!"

The curly-haired nurse looked like a friendly, sympathetic little thing. He'd tell her about it. He caught her eyes. She bent nearer. He smiled drunkenly.

The nurse looked at him quizzically. Well, he would have to know sooner or later, so why not now while his senses were dulled by the anaesthetic?

"You did," she said.

THE END

This author adopts a novel literary style by opening his story in the operating room of a hospital and while he describes a scene that is tragically familiar to anyone who has ever witnessed or experienced a surgical operation, he intersperses retrospect which explains all that has gone before without in the least slowing up the story or interfering with the thread of suspense. The result is that by the time one has reached the climax, all kinds of speculations are being indulged in. there is one particular paragraph which I have indented in this story that strikes one more forcibly than all others -- with the exception of the last line, of course. Look at the condensed drama in that paragraph which ends with the words "Drip. Drip. Drip." It gives me a chill every time I read it.

Of all the short-short stories I have read, I believe that there is more punch contained in four words in this one than any of them. I refer to the last line which deals one a "knock out" blow and tells us that not all of the hallucinations which John Addington experienced while under the anaesthetic were unreal, and that he had murdered his wife and his best friend while in a jealous rage.

"Thumbnail" Synopses of Published Short-Short Stories from LIBERTY and COLLIER'S

A study and analysis of the following "thumbnail" synopses of one hundred and twenty-eight of the most outstanding short-short stories published in LIBERTY and COLLIER'S over a period of two years will enable the student to make some interesting conclusions. Besides this it gives one a "cross-sectional" idea of the type of stories that seem to be the most popular.

(1) An amateur prize fighter, a poor negro, is matched against a professional slugger -- takes a terrible beating and is found dead some time later. He was trying to earn some money for the wife he loved. Story ran in novel paragraphic form illustrating the pathos connected with the heartlessness of a prize fight calling.

(2) Two talking picture cameramen make a movie-tone of a big fire and they think it is terrible and expect to be fired when they receive word that the boss wants to see them in the projection room. It develops that two "bozos" in the crowd when the picture was made, and whose voices were responsible for the faulty picture, were "fire-bugs" and their conversation, unconscious of the presence of the "mike" solves a crime mystery. The cameramen are rewarded instead of being fired.

(3) A faithful butler burglarizes his master's safe and hides a diamond necklace until his employer receives a fortune in insurance money after which he destroys the necklace which he found was an imitation. The last diamond of the real necklace had been sold during the former crash. Only he and his master knew the secret.

(4) Jewel thief representing himself to be a chauffeur for rich man orders ten thousand dollar necklace sent on approval to his supposed employer whom he knows to be away. He takes the card of the jeweler's salesman. Later he telephones the office of the rich man giving the name of the jeweler and, explaining that the wrong gems have been sent, states that a representative would call for them, thereby planning to receive them himself. The scheme almost works but fails. The rich man returns and the necklace is shown to him by his secretary who happens to be the office vamp and who receives the would-be jewelry thief in the reception room with the necklace around her throat.

(5) A jealous young husband, wounded and on the operation table, has a terrible dream that he has shot and killed his best friend and his wife in a drunken, jealous rage. He tells his nurse about it as he awakens. "You did," she said -- "It was not a dream."

(6) Young wife going home to mother stopped at gas station, which is owned by her husband, to fill up her tank. He warns her about taking a lonely road at night but she persists and is later pursued by brilliant headlights of what she thinks is a bandit car. Almost frightened to death and sorry for her rash mood she runs out of gas. The other car pulls along side and to her great relief she sees her husband. She flies to his arms. He had opened a petcock in her gas tank so that she would run out of as and he could catch her.

(7) The wife of a no-good drunkard and his mother who had suffered from a father of the same kind, conspire against him in his absence. Just when the old mother has convinced the young wife that she should leave him, he comes in reeling drink. They forget their resolutions and undress and put him to bed as usual, illustrating the self-sacrificing love that woman bears to man.

(8) A country girl who has been warned all of her life against the perils of being alone with a city chap, at last finds herself in a taxi with one. She goes through all the experience of repulsing his passionate advances until the cab arrives in front of her apartment. She lies sobbing on her bed. The trouble is that it all took place in her imagination.

(9) Daddy of boxer who has driven the boy away from home years ago shows up unexpectedly at ringside and taunts son into winning an otherwise hopeless battle against great odds. (The old man had been a wrestler too.) (Supposed absent person present.)

(10) Small banker goes against advice of other officials in bank and loans large sum of money to old man stranger -- who has related touching story of how his daughter had been disowned because she had married a scamp. Now they ware going to be reunited at baby's birthday -- reads like a clever swindle of a small banker -- develops in last paragraph that she scamp she married was the son of the banker.

(11) Wife's forgetfulness -- cause of domestic trouble and resolve to leave her husband saves the day when she repents, returns and discovers that she forgot to leave farewell note where husband can find it.

(12) Imprisoned counterfeiter who has been sent to pen by enemy and whose duty is it's to give chemical examination to suspicious letters intercepted by secret service -- learns that his old enemy is a German spy parading as a Count in Washington. He brings invisible message to life -- writes his old enemy a P.S. of warning -- and lets the letter go through. Strange way of getting revenge. Prank of fate.

(13) An old actor confronted in his bedroom by robbers with guns -- remembers to recite the lines from a melodrama he has played -- sets the two bandits against one another -- escapes.

(14) Cattle rustler tries blackmail on ranch foreman who is suspected of old killing -- foreman dallies with him -- sheriff arrives -- by chance remark rustler hangs murder on himself and is shot down by the sheriff when he tries to escape.

(15) Old farmer sets shotgun trap to kill chicken thieves. Goes to town -- learns his wife is returning home alone- she will be killed -- he rushes home just in time to hear gun explode -- only thing that saved her was that he forgot to lock the chickens up. Providential protection.

(16) Editor waits for bully to come and beat him up. Tinkling Chinese bells in neighbor's apartment window annoy him. He throws a polo ball and smashes them. Bully comes in and takes a swing at him -- and when editor comes to the bully is "out" too -- thinks editor did it and latter takes the credit. It was the returning polo ball.

(17) Woman was illegitimate child for her paramour -- nurses in hospital get babies mixed -- hers is birth marked like its father -- she cannot identify it though, for fear of exposing her relations with the other man, to her husband, loses baby. Has to take and raise a child she knows is not her own.

(18) Mexican caballero comes from desert to kill rich man who has married his girl -- bribes blind beggar to let him take place his place at bank entrance so he can do the trick -- beggar fixes it so the would-be murderer is killed -- the rich man has been tipping the blind beggar every morning it develops.

(19) Man eloping with another's wife waits for her aboard train -- changes his mind -- hopes she does not come -- terrible suspense -- she finally arrives after he has given her up and is congratulating himself on his escape -- he flops again -- (pen picture of a mental struggle.)

(20) Husband about to leave wife for her cousin -- latter waits for his phone call and decision -- he absent-mindedly calls and calls the same number he is talking from -- subconscious mind won't let him do it -- of course he gets a busy signal until it's too late.

(21) Bootlegger who has agreement with cops to stay out of certain territory violates same in order to get arrested WITH TWO GANGSTERS IN THE BACK OF HIS CAR WHO ARE TAKING HIM FOR A RIDE. (Turning tables.)

(22) Honest detective wants new car. Auto dealer Shylock wants to trim him of his old one -- detective's girl works for old Shylock. Later when raiding for liquor detective accidentally finds old Shylock in room with prostitute -- latter offers bribe -- officer won't take it -- lets the old roue go -- later his girl tells him that she has been made a present of a new car. She doesn't know the real reason which is that Shylock thinks that she knows everything. Detective has a laugh to himself. (Comic misunderstanding.)

(23) Petty thief takes refuge in hotel room of clever quick-change artist who has just pulled a big job disguised as a minister and who gives fatherly advice to youth -- then gets away while house detectives are questioning the petty thief -- latter absolved by victim.

(24) Thug lies in wait on docks and slugs old enemy -- cops show up and he throws limp man in lifeboat on ship about to sail -- explains that man was drunk and he helped him to catch his boat -- learn that he has helped the other fellow, a rival thief, to escape with a big haul.

(25) To save young steno about to step out with her employer -- old had news woman stops her and tells dramatic story of how she was the man's servant and betrayed by him years ago. It works. (The old woman heard the girl call the name of the man -- never saw him before.)

(26) Two Irish cops -- rivals for widow's hand -- one a plain clothes man assigned to disguise like a communist -- other takes advantage of this and beats rival up -- rival gets raise for clever disguise -- and wins the widow.

(27) Girl reporter in love with air hero kills self after writing story of his fatal crash -- death in vain -- later editions explain that it was another man who fell in flames. (Vain sacrifice -- mistaken identity of facts.)

(28) A gold digger who has been the recipient of many gifts from an elderly lover visits his attorney after his death expecting to receive a legacy. She does. It is a sealed envelope containing a letter from her young lover ridiculing the "old dope" and thanking her for his money, which she has passed along to him.

(29) The keeper of a roadhouse, a well-known bully, is thrashed by a strange peddler who also wins a bet that he has on a dog and badger fight. It develops that the peddler is an unrecognized younger brother who has been bullied by the other man when they were boys.

(30) A post office inspector traps a mail clerk, who has been extracting money from letters from the post office, by putting some of his flapper daughter's perfume in the paste pot so that when the thief reseals the letters the ones which have been opened are detected by the odor.

(31) Two men, presumably traveling salesmen, board a passenger train. One of them, a fat garrulous character, is suspected by the other who is telling the story, of being a jewel thief or a confidence man. All of the dialogue leads the reader to believe that he is. In the climax we learn that the other man, the one who is telling the story, is the crook and the fat garrulous man a detective who effects his capture.

(32) A greenhorn city chap visits a wise guy countryman, who is a practical joker. A deer is killed by the countryman who leads the sickly looking city chap to believe that he has been the successful marksman. The latter is greatly elated until the practical joker, knowing that no game warden ever visits that part of the country, informs him that he has violated the game law and is likely to have to serve a prison sentence. A couple of days later a stranger shows up and becomes very much interested in the relation of the joke by the countryman. The joke is turned however, when the stranger explains how the city lad had become so conscience stricken he had decided to give himself up and had telephoned into the city which accounted for the presence of the stranger who was a game guardian.

(33) A wartime story. Two aviators are life long friends. One of them has always been popular and is envied by the other one in whose heart hate is born. There comes a time when cards are dealt to see which one shall undertake a fatal flight involving an encounter in the air with an overwhelming number of German planes. The popular chap gets the low card, draws the assignment and some time later is engaged in a fuel to the death with the German planes while the other fellow floats in a position of safety three thousand feet above, watching the fight. Suddenly the latter goes into a nose dive and rams the attacking German planes, saving his friend but losing his own life. A German officer finds a deck of cards in his pocket after the crash. They have been marked.

(34) A Mexican rebel General plots to kill an American soldier of fortune who is loved by an American girl aviatrix, also in the employ of the rebels. The Mexican General vary magnanimously permits the American to ride away on a horse, promising that the girl will catch up with him before night. Compelling the girl to carry him as a passenger, the General takes a position behind a machine gun to shoot down the horseman as they overtake him. At the psychological moment, the girl loops the plane and jumps with a parachute, leaving the murderous Mexican to crash into flames with the plane.

(35) A society girl mysteriously disappears and a clever police reporter is assigned to assist in solving the mystery. Some weeks later he delivers the goods, after sufficient time has elapsed for the girl's parents to be glad to find her under any conditions. She has run away and married the reporter himself.

(36) The chief of police and a desperate one-arm criminal face each other across the table. The criminal has a wooden stump with a hook in it and in the center of the device is a small hole which might be a concealed pistol muzzle. The criminal who wants to die, forces the chief to take a pistol from a drawer and place it on the table. Then he begins slowly counting to one hundred, at the expiration of which time the police chief is to receive a bullet from the hole in the stump of the artificial arm. The policeman seizes the gun and fires the bullet into the ceiling and then knocks out the criminal with the barrel of the weapon, just as the shyster attorney for the criminal rushes in. "I knew there was something wrong when he left that gun in my reach."

(37) A credulous clerk, who is regarded by the rest of the office force as an easy mark, is separated from his week's pay when he meets a girl on a subway with a hard luck story. Although he is the object of jibes and jeers from his co-workers he still believes in the girl. To their great surprise he receives a package two days later, containing a valuable diamond ring from the female shoplifter whose conscience had been at work, with the explanation that she was a married woman and a suggestion that he hock the ring.

(38) The inhabitants of a fishing village prayed for "Mo' fish" and a whale was cast upon the beach which was the private property of a young fellow who had hopes of marrying the hotel proprietor's daughter. So he built a fence around the amphibian and collected admission fees from thousands of visitors from the city who had heard about it. His luck threatened to turn for the bad about nine days later when the odor of the monster became so terrific that he was ordered to hire tug boats and tow it out to sea. Just when he was faced with having to pay out a thousand dollars more than he had earned, a representative of a state museum of Natural History arrives on the scene and gladly offers to have the towing done free of charge. Introducing the hotel proprietor's daughter and addressing the Curator he said, "I want you to meet my future wife, and any time you want another whale for that museum all you have to do is ask her to pray for you."

(39) A rich man engages in conversation with a little girl in a park and learns that she is the orphaned child of a policeman who has just been killed by his wayward son. He adopts the child.

(40) Two farmer brothers are in love with the same girl. One of them is a bully and the other is murdered. The bully explains the gun shot by saying that he had killed the dog. The girl claims there were two shots fired and that the man she loved would not have gone away without telling her goodbye. After a search the body of the murdered man is found concealed in a scarecrow.

(41) A man and a woman are enjoying a clandestine party during which time they discuss at length his wife. In the last paragraph we learn that she was his first wife and that he is cheating on the second.

(42) A group of people are gathered around a table in a tropical country. The beautiful hostess observes a cobra as it crawls into the room and under the table. Knowing that the least movement of any of her guests will cause the snake to strike, she very cleverly puts them to a test of self control by challenging them to remain perfectly still while she counts a hundred, while at the same time she instructs a servant to place a saucer of milk just outside the door. Just before she finishes counting, the snake goes for the milk and when asked how she knew the snake was there she explains that it was coiled around her foot.

(43) A gentleman is attending a house party during which time the conversation turns into a description of recent crimes and bandits. His mind is full of this as he starts to drive home alone. Half way home he discovers there are two people in the back seat of his car and quite sure they are bandits he breaks all the speed laws in the county and when he arrives under the first street light where there is a cop, brings his car to a stop and faints. The two passengers are scullery maids stealing a ride to town and they have fainted also.

(44) A husband who is addicted to liquor leaves home and is gone a number of months -- receives a letter from his wife begging him to return on a certain date. Arriving at his home he discovers there is a man in the house, resolves to kills him, hears his wife scream. He rushes up the stairs, pistol in hand, and meets the doctor and the nurse. A new born babe has just arrived and he has returned a week ahead of the time designated by his wife.

(45) A thief has hidden stolen money under a fountain in the city park not knowing that this is a stand usually occupied by an old balloon peddler. When the peddler returns, the thief believing him to be a police stool pigeon, assaults the old man which results in arrest and detection of his crime.

(46) A convict in prison writes a story describing how a bandit machine gunner, whose wife thought he was engaged in a prosaic real estate business returns home and is implored by his wife to attend a motion picture show to compensate for the "dull" time he has had in the office. The warden recognizes situations in the story which disclose the author as the perpetrator of a crime mystery which may bring a life sentence and prevents the story from being submitted.

(47) A young couple, both employed in a mercantile establishment, marry in spite of a ruling against such a thing and are discharged. When they are apparently facing starvation a newspaper reporter learns the facts and the consequent publicity resulting therefrom brings offers of better jobs and happiness.

(48) A brutal father is mysteriously murdered and after all clues have failed to determine the criminal, the sheriff tricks a young son into a confession that he did it and then convinced of the justice the crime, permits the boy to go free.

(49) An old man saves would-be girl suicide from jumping from building because of desertion of man -- gives her fatherly advice -- "plenty of others who will be glad to have you," etc., he tells her. Returns home and finds his own daughter has been deserted by her man -- this is different -- he goes out to beat up the other man.

(50) Cartoonist going blind has resolved to take his own life when it happens -- does so when a fuse blows out and leaves him in the dark. (Reader fooled -- fact that it was fuse withheld until last paragraph.)

(51) Submarine commander and lone surviving member of crew in sunken U boat -- have been rivals in love -- inferior young man has won -- only one can escape -- neither will go first -- the commander fakes suicide to get the other man to go -- has gin in bottle labelled cyanide. (Noble sacrifice for one who has a better right.)

(52) Old blacksmith innocently becomes involved the repairman of their armory -- cannot quit -- loads one of their shotguns left for repair, with dynamite and slugs -- it blows them up -- he does what the law has failed to do.

(53) Rich old man visits cheap cabaret, offers jewelry to entertainer to get her to go with him. Reader led to believe he is a "sugar papa" by the dialogue. Her gangster sweetheart thinks so too, follows the old man and robs him to get jewelry for the girl and when in the last paragraph she denounces him, we learn that the old man is her father.

(54) A brutal old man is murdered by a gangster and the police are sure they have the right man under arrest when they bring the victim's wife down to identify him. The little old woman has been abused for years by a tyrannical husband and very much to the surprise and consternation of the detectives, fails to identify the criminal. They, of course, do not know her reason.

(55) The wife of a trapeze performer in a circus is killed and he declares that he is going to quit the business and there is an argument between him and the owner of the circus. He is caused to change his mind when the manager reminds him that if his wife were alive she would want him to carry on, and it is her memory that inspires him to do so. This story is probably based on an actual event which occurred in Europe a short time previous to its publication.

(56) A poor girl who has married a rich man's son against the wishes of his parents is propositioned by the father to accept ten thousand dollars to give him up. She accepts and a year later remarries the boy, thereby making a fool of the rick father.

(57) A Mexican bandit leader is joined by a new recruit who is an adept with the dagger and carries one on which is imprinted a significant motto which says: "Draw me only in necessity and sheathe me only in honor." The new recruit is the son of a man who has been murdered by the bandit leader and some time later he discloses his identity and avenges his father's death and the dagger with the inscription is found in the body of the bandit chieftain.

(58) A couple of gangsters called in a newspaper office late at night when there are only two men on duty in the editorial rooms, to take a reporter "for a ride." The manner in which the reporter stalls the would-be murderers and transmits a code signal to his pal who comes to his rescue, maintains a strong thread of suspense and constitutes an interesting story.

(59) Two suitors are pals. One of them is a homely, sincere chap and the other a handsome lady-killer whose theory is "love 'em and leave 'em." They both love the same girl and the homely one plans to cause an "accident" aboard ship when he arrives at the conclusion that his pal has applied his theory to the girl. In carrying out his plan, both men are placed in a position of great jeopardy and when the homely one learns at the last moment that his pal has married the girl, he sacrifices his own life to save another man.

(60) A couple of gangsters drive up to a farm house in search of a rival whom they intend to "put on the spot." They make inquiry of a shabbily dressed man who is spraying fruit trees as to the whereabouts of their intended victim. To their great surprise and with fatal results he turns a spray of flame on them from his bug killer. It happens that he is the brother of the man they intend to kill.

(61) A war time story in which two men are marooned in a shell hole during a heavy bombardment. One of them is wounded and is hated lieutenant who has made it pretty tough for the other chap. The brutal officer, who is the wounded one, expects death at the hands of the other. Instead the private carries him back to the trenches on his shoulders at the risk of his own life.

(62) Two men friends are going duck shooting. One of them is involved in a clandestine love affair with the wife of the other and secretly plans to "accidentally" shoot the husband to get rid of him. The latter suspects the relation between his friend and his wife, and plans to do the same thing. The way it works out each of them thinks the other is wise and their murderous plans miscarry when the time comes for them to be executed.

(63) Two women are arrested and put in the "show-up tank" at the police station. Both of them are grilled about the disappearance of that fugitive husband of one of them. It is disclosed in the last paragraph that the wife has permitted herself to be arrested with the other woman in order to learn of her affair with the husband.

(64) A duel is to be fought between a bully and a country sap. They are to shoot at one another in the dark. The sap wins and it develops that his friend, the barber, has rubbed phosphorous in the hair of the other man.

(65) A vivacious country girl goes to New York to show her older sister a few things, namely how to get her man. The older girl is being courted by a rich young chap who is inclined to be a trifler. The young girl stages a situation which makes it appear that the older one is eloping with another fellow and this brings the trifler to time and results in his doing a Lothario stunt. There is a sting in the last line in this story in which the kid sister says: "There is always a way to get your man even if you are idiot enough to be his mistress first."

(66) A horse thief tries to frame another man for a theft which he has committed. The sheriff, who is suspected, turns the trick and exposes him by rubbing some paint off the horse's hair.

(67) A young man and a girl, are long distance telephone operators at country stations which are at some distance from one another, and indulge in a love affair by wire for some time. Finally they both decide to see each other surreptitiously and each takes a day off to pay a visit and take a look at the other. Neither one knows that the other is doing this ad as they both take the same day off -- each sees a homely substitute who has been put in the place of the other and the romance is at an end. The story ends happily however, when they meet later and learn that both had taken the same day off.

(68) A war time story in which a private is in the hospital, paralyzed from the neck down. An officer comes in and declares that the only thing, to do is to shoot the man and put him out of his misery, saying this in the hearing of the paralyzed man. Whipping a revolver from his pocket and aiming directly at the luckless private's head, he fires. The private jumps out of his bed and runs, screaming, no longer paralyzed. The officer is a medical man who knew that all that was wrong with the man was a case of hysterical paralysis. The pistol was loaded with a blank cartridge.

(69) A married woman has told all of his friends that she is personally acquainted with a famous actor. This arouses the jealousy of the husband and he decides to visit the actor and give him a good beating. The latter, who as a matter of fact, never met the wife, is a good sport, and backs up her brags -- plays that he really does know her and outwits the jealous husband with clever retorts. It is in the last paragraph that we learn that he does not even know the wife.

(70) A man decides that life is not worth while -- is just a game that he has lost and decides to jump from a cliff and end it all. He does so and lands on a projecting limb, breaking his arm. He then experiences hours of torture which extend into the cold night, to regain the position from where he jumped in order to save the life which he had decided to destroy. A big moral in this story.

(71) Husband poker player explains his winning to wife as having been donations from an imaginary benefactor, "Mac." Later when she sells some of his presents and buys a fur coat and alibis that "Mac" is her brother and has given her the coat -- there is a separation -- (over an imaginary man.) Case of lying to cover up lies and getting deeper all the time.

(72) A dumbbell juryman, who has been "fixed" or bribed to hold out for a hung jury to save a gangster rat, does his job too well and prevents the defendant from being acquitted. The other eleven jurors voted to acquit.

(73) Foxy old jeweler outwits jewel thieves who play clever trick on him by substituting phone stones in bracelet for them to take. (Exposure of clever confidence game and reader not told that the tricksters were tricked until the last paragraph.)

(74) Newspaper reporter gives his last five-dollar bill to stranded and desperate girl. Later finds her on a slab in the morgue -- drowned -- suicide -- with crumpled bill in her hand. In the last paragraph we learn that the bill was counterfeit.

(75) Daughter of oyster fisherman cracks her lover on head with oyster shell when he insists on marrying her. Badly cut, he leaves and years pass as she mourns. Later in New Orleans, she, broke, applies for waitress job in big Creole caf -- her lover is owner -- how did he get the money? There was a big pearl in the oyster that cut his head.

(76) Couple separated -- husband slips in at night on baby's birthday to steal a look at the little one -- wife mistakes him for a burglar at first -- they make up. (Reader fooled as to their relationship till the last paragraph.)

(77) Shop girl who has trusted rich masher and had to walk home from a country ride gives him a dose of his own medicine -- later forces him at the end of a revolver to disrobe and get out- later her "steady" tells her how he has just made $500 picking up a nude man in his truck -- so they can get married now -- does not understand why she laughs so heartily. (Farce comedy-romance).

(78) Playwright plants actress on train to cry sob story to producer who falls for it and the girl is engaged for lead. The girl is supposed to meet brute man who has her letters at train -- and be blackmailed. Heroic producer will save her -- when they get off train only the press agent is waiting for them. She gets the job!

(79) A bachelor druggist purposely gives a wrong prescription and kills his crony who has betrayed the young woman school teacher from the city, and no one will believe him when his conscience forces him to confess. We learn in the last paragraph that the girl was the illegitimate daughter of the druggist, and that the only persons in the town who knew it were the victim and the murderer.

(80) White man mine operator about to be slain by Arab bandits -- tricks them into taking treble oath -- they will not kill him until he drinks -- he throws water away (Two of their traditional oaths of customer conflict -- the guest right -- and treble oath). New climax.

(81) Two brothers -- one trying so hard to make a success as a detective -- wants to solve a certain case -- other a phone trouble shooter -- so intent on listening to "sounds" instead of words -- muffs a conversation which would enable his brother to achieve his ambition. (Case of permitting an insignificant thing to obscure a real opportunity.)

(82) Police refuse to arrest drink driver politician who has sideswiped a bank clerk's car. Latter appeals to commissioner -- cops deny having ever seen clerk -- he proves his case by sending in note identifying cigarette case which sergeant has.

(83) Proud wife of blind man who thinks him a successful business man -- drops coin in his cup -- discovers truth. (Discovery of dishonor of loved one -- deception.) Pathos.

(84) Young doctor -- psychoanalyst -- alarmed when he has been with girl and thinks he was tempted to turn thief and take the necklace from her neck -- learns that it is the girl he wants -- he marries her. (Mental conflict and revelation. Loveless man discovers self.)

(85) An Italian artist -- member of Black Hand Society, kills his man -- comes to America. Rehabilitates himself -- becomes an honest laborer -- when about ready to send money to Italy for his girl -- is killed by the Vendetta.

(86) Reporter decides to turn crook for once at a wedding party and steal a bracelet. A waiter look suspicious -- he is sure that the latter is a crook he has seen in the lineup at police headquarters -- plans to take the necklace and have the crook take the rap. Crook turns out to be a detective just in time to save reporter entering life of crime.

(87) It is execution day in France -- man to be guillotined by famous headman who prides himself on his work -- couple in train, later mistake man with decapitated head in box as the executioner -- reader fooled, too, by dialogue. The supposed headsman is a hairdresser, and the head a wax dummy.

(88) News reporter breaks his promise to police sergeant to not publish story about old farmer with a big roll of money -- result -- old farmer murdered -- after the old man has put his money in the bank -- which the reporter did not state.

(89) It was a pension for life that the new efficiency robot had to hand faithful old employee -- who expected and was ready to be fired.

(90) Taxi driver's wife clears her husband of being member of bandit gang so that he can be buried in holy ground by Catholic Priest. They found the flag down on the meter in his wrecked car and fare change registered after she called their attention to it.

(91) Blind man begs of another -- tells cock and bull story about how he lost his eyes in the heroic rescue of another man. In last paragraph we learn that the fellow he is telling the story to is also blind and was in reality the hero who saved the other fellow.

(92) Burglar caught by young society woman and impressed into playing the part of nobility. (She knew he was a burglar all the time but the reader does not -- until the last paragraph.)

(93) Former coward is a hero for five minutes -- so brave the worm turns against his erstwhile persecutors -- thinks he has knocked out a champ -- when he learns it is a mistake -- it was a drink -- loses his nerve and becomes a worm again. (Moral.)

(94) Girl is murdered by vice lord because she reveals his true character to his old mother, a scrubwoman who refuses to live in the fine house which he has built for her.

(95) Police captain beats up loan shark who has abused his own mother and robbed many others -- papers raise a howl about it -- captain claims justification -- the shark is his brother who has changed names.

(96) Girl engaged to man misunderstands his apparently contradictory actions at a party and engagement is almost broken. She doesn't know that she has been talking alternately to twins.

(97) Rum runner, old friends tries to bribe coast guardsman -- he refuses $20,000. Cops have "mike" installed -- young officer rewarded.

(98) Wife of murdered gangster watches her chance -- vamps her husband's murderer -- pick up in his car -- slips a gun under his arm and shoots him while they wait for a traffic signal.

(99) Divorced man has staged dinner in his apartment for lady friend. She backs up when she learns that he has a boy -- they split -- boy comes in -- thinks dinner is for him -- embraces father -- man discovers that he loves his boy -- heart interest finish. (Regeneration story.)

(100) Wife doesn't like his jokes so husband leaves -- sends her farewell telegram and joins another woman whom he finds to be worse. Repents -- returns and is surprised to find wife has taken his farewell telegram for just another joke -- and actually enjoyed it.

(101) An old accountant after living a life of penury for years, inherited a fortune and after a lot of speculation as to what a wife swathe he will cut with it, ends up by doing nothing unusual. Even a fortune could not jar him out of the deep grove into which he had fallen.

(102) A young wife who is in the habit of nagging her husband to change his job is frightened into reforming her ways by a story told her of a male relative who disappeared from the city and permitted himself to be thought dead in order to be rid of a wife who had a similar fault.

(103) A supposedly ignorant young Swede outwits a mill boss who would swindle him out of a valuable tract of timber land by secretly gaining possession of an equally valuable piece of Government land on which was located a mill pond.

(104) After years of fighting against having a boy baby for her husband because of the necessity which was provided for in a foolish will, the wife learned that he wanted one for love and offers to have a dozen if necessary.

(105) Two women rivals -- for the love of a wealthy planter. Eloise gets him -- later at target practice accidentally (?) shoots him so she can run away with a Count -- old negro mammy is witness and keeps her secret until on her deathbed -- then in delirium raves about it -- Betty, the other girl hears this -- writes to Eloise in London a letter which heaps coals of fire on the head of the murderess.

(106) Amateur boxer turns professional and goes after the money because his girl spurns the prize watch he has just won -- he quits her too.

(107) Two gangsters on a cold night drop into home of old woman to get warm -- while there they kill brutal son-in-law who has just stolen her pension money from the old woman -- "good deed" they call it later.

(108) The doctor had told the homely little wife that the ailment for which her husband was about to be operated upon was fatal to seventy-five out of a hundred and as long as she thought that her husband had deserted her for another woman it might be a blessing if he was one of the seventy-five. When the other woman brazenly informs her that she is going to the bedside of the patient, the wife stays away. When she arrives at the hospital after the operation and learns that her husband had lapsed into unconsciousness before the operation, calling for her, and that he had refused to see the other woman just before entering the Valley of the Shadows, a great revelation breaks on the wife. She goes to the doctor for consolation and whispers, "You said twenty-five out of every hundred got well? That's what you said, I mean that's what you meant, wasn't it?"

(109) A real estate shark who operates a restaurant unloads a piece of worthless land on an old farmer. The latter shows up some time later and sells him some chickens and the shark finds gold nuggets in their crops. The shark buys back the piece of land at a huge price after learning from the old farer that the chickens had been running in a dry creek bed. The supposed boob had fed the nuggets to the chickens from a watch charm containing eight of them.

(110) This is a parody on the scandal-monging, rumor-peddling newspaper columnist who knows all about everybody else's business except his own. He bumps into his family physician and asks him if he knows anything of interest, then goes into a dead faint when the doctor advises him to immediately procure a bassinet as his wife is going to have a baby.

(111) An old retired policeman is arguing with his son who is also a copy, concerning the methods of identifying a criminal and advances the theory that an escaped criminal would not have a cigar in his mouth. Some time later the son captures an escaping bandit because his attention is attracted to the fellow who has two cigarettes in his mouth; he reasoned that there must have been two bandits and that one had asked the other light a cigarette for him and then became so excited in escaping that he forgot to remove one of them from his mouth. Hi wife reminds him later "if you dad had not told you, you would not have thought to notice, "after the young cop had asked her not to tell the old man for fear of hurting his feelings.

(112) This story comprises an affidavit from a wife who under some unknown impulse has shot her husband after he comes in late at night and she is in a highly nervous state. She has called the police station and every hospital in town expecting to hear that he has been injured or killed. The reaction is so great when he finally comes in and puts off until tomorrow explaining the cause of his delay that she apparently has fit of temporary insanity which results in the shooting. (A study in psychology.)

(113) Conflict arises between a high school sophomore and his parents because he wants to attend a masquerade and also for the reason of his owning a dog. Midnight arrives and the boy has not returned. There is all manner of speculation on the part of his parents as to his tragic fate. The boy shows up with a tiny new-born brindle pup under his coat and chokingly explains that "Brownie" the mother dog has just died.

(114) A negro man exercises supreme fortitude in winning a pole-sitting match and the reason for his endurance is explained by the fact that he was being watched from a nearby apartment window by two colored women who traded shifts, and that both of them were his wives.

(115) In a mountainous country two prohibition agents shoot down a lad who refuses to turn over his father's wagon and team to them and attempts to escape after they have found moonshine concealed in a load of melons. They find a distinguished service cross on the body of the boy which identified him as a heroin the late war.

(116) A Viennese actress has for years been a worshipper of an operatic star. When he learns of this he condescendingly decides to visit her and give her a big treat. He has in the meantime grown fat, however, and when she sees him she is disillusioned and her ideals exploded.

(117) A fireman makes a thrilling drive in an antiquated piece of fire apparatus to save a pal whose life is endangered on duty. The punch is delivered when we learn that the heroic act was performed to save a pair of his own pants which were being worn by his pal.

(118) A girl cashier in a theater is being held up by a gunman and uses a novel method of signalling a policeman across the street. The fact that she fails to lift her head and smile at the cop is what arouses his suspicion and results in the capture of the bandit.

(119) An old man was a registrar of vital statistics; tries to commit suicide. After his death they find that the methodical old chap has already written his own death notice.

(120) "Easy" Smith is regarded by the rest of the office force as a "goof" or an easy mark. They all impose on him by letting him do their work. It develops later, however, that there is method in his madness for when the boss learns that he has familiarized himself with every department of the business, he gives him a raise in pay so he can marry his girl and puts him in charge of the most important branch in Europe.

(121) This is a story of a "punch drunk" pugilist who appears at the bedside of a fight promoter who is sick and helpless and mauls the latter while he hands him a line of lingo just such as the promoter is in the habit of giving to a poor fighter who is about to go into the ring against a ferocious opponent. A case of giving the other fellow a dose of his own medicine.

(122) A train is delayed at a country crossing by an engine break down. The railroad president is aboard, and alighting to stretch his legs, he meets an engineer in conversation with the crossing watchman. It develops that the two men are old college chums and each compliments the other on being a lucky "stiff." Purely a heart interest story.

(123) Smart girl autoist despises slow Sunday driver who is also good looking and red headed---learns that he is dare-devil driver of fire truck when he wrecks his apparatus to save her some time later. He is hurt but wins girl. (Mistaken identity.) (Pride punished.)

(124) Fellow congratulates himself that at last he has become a success---was always a failure---big shot now, because when he has pneumonia it is double--- and when his wife has babies, it is twins.

(125) Just a description of how beetles are caused to race one another for gambling purposes in Russia---dished up semi-story like to get by---man caught cheating by girl---saved to prevent disgrace to the entire company however.

(126) A bashful ball player gets hurt purposely so he can go to hospital and be waited on by pretty nurse whom he doesn't have the nerve to ask for a date.

(127) In an interview with an old woman, a clever reporter plies her with sympathetic trick questions, which lead her to a confession that she has killed her husband.

(128) Young moonshiner accused of murdering city slicker about to go free, confesses shooting his wife IN THE ARMS OF THE OTHER MAN.