4,.

 

 

ACTION—ADVENTURE

has been dispatched; Tins ship which carries matine troops arrives just in
time to prevent the massacre oi the whites;

Ir: accaréance with the suggestion of the Gram": in Opmtian f}, the
(skier bmther immediataiy attempts to éiscreclit the younger 0m in the
eyea of the naval aﬂicers anti ta fay the iﬁame On him for tin: uprising,
whet: the girl suddenly discioses the avidence Which she 1333.

New, the (gumtion right here. is, are we going to make a criminrii 0f
the brother or shall we just masks: a gentleman crook of him and disdmse
someone €19 as the bank mbber 01: what not. In order to save tha reply
tation of the family zmd at the same. time. ta punish the cider brother, I
would say that. we identify the mptesmtativg who has been sent to the
islamis by the oldizx bmthar as the trimmed and escapeci cenvict. He now
attaxnpts to get away, ami after a thriiiing pursuit is captured. 'I‘frxe. aide}:
brether is then thurougfnly humﬂiataé ﬁn the presmce 0f the git} b3! the.
confession of the cﬂmimi that he has acted under the instmcts’cms 0f the:
older brather fmm the beginning.

0? course the Omar brothar returns to England in disgrace. Or, he: be’
comes the exile am} the yotmger (me. steps inm hi5 rightful piace.

THE END.
V

I’m attempt has been made in the foragairag development concxeteiy
to illustrate the ezaperation of tin: creative: ima ination that is demanded in
the building up mi" 3 gsiat from me ‘of these: C:.m'e outlines. We have mused
in a number: of piacezs and {wastioneé {mrselv anti even indulgeé in a hit
at rmsonimg 25101353, so that the \ tidal}: wha reads these ﬁnes may Observe

 

 

the inner wm‘kings 0f the creative minci €31 the develoyment nf this piet,

Thu point which .1 wish ta} am hasize hare. is that every singla word cow
CEtiIllid 1'21 the answer $113391in 3; the Fiat Genie has a. speciﬁc value. and
that in a great: many mm; where a suggastion (mntained in a ward may
appear t0 2:11th am ﬁnspossibie barrier, it a‘gtaﬁv, in effect, 011132 1333085 rm 0b!
stack: in the way 0f the davﬁlopmemz m’: hackae‘yed plot am? Cums the:
authm aside imo new and unexp Griid territory, thereby resulting in the
discavery of new and naval plat mmbmatians.

   

As i ham: 25:3 often. repeated? the. PM; Genie tells ymu W’HAT Emppms
and when you ﬁgure: m1: HOVV it ccmid hapyen that way, you haw: mm:

[23]

g.

 

 

