4,.

 

 

ACTION—ADVENTURE

It is: necessary, if WE are to follow the suggestions made. by Operation
4, that: we now start some troubie on tbs: isiand.. Let ils-assume that there
are fzwo mixes 9f nativas‘, one of wiﬁch is friendly to our protagonist and
the Uther a raving, thieving gang. There is a ﬁght between the two in
which am: prszstzagtmist aams great credit for himself by his heroic leadership.

The elder brother sends a represmtativs: m tha colony With a, demand
on the younger one that the family be repx‘e. mm? m the managment 05
the great plantatérm which has Been eStablished, ‘Whiie this; 15; a dadded
sacriﬁce to Ehe gaungtir brother, he mxmm; oveﬂxmk the fact: that he W35
suppliizd with funds by the aldiir brather and his lrtmther, and i5 therefora
uncle: obligation to them. This representative, who .is an unreliable man
himself, is permitted ta mks: a:harge: of certain details, Smneﬁme later, the:
youngar brother dimmers that this: man is: fakifyirxg shipping records. and
obtajmng excess funds which are. being (Ki ided bgtween himself and the
older brother in England, This results in an open breach and in the {216’
cision of the Older brother to come to the island

 

 

The latter arm'ves shortiy ihemafter, bringing With him 11th gixi Who
has jilﬁed the younger brother, am? an 23R} aunt for a chapemne, Vii: will
5357‘ 33711116 we dasire m awaid the (ﬁrrzct introduction of any love interest
in this story WE can sea: where it will provide a gcyod dramatic: punch for
us to qum'sh the silly girl who 221235 jihad the: real man far a mi: like. the
older brother, 5:) we wiﬂ work. m that md»

   

Shortly after his arrival upon the. island, the Qiiiar brother engages in
a heated argumtmt wiﬁh the younger one: and 333313183 him far the trouble:
which exists between the natfvgzs, perhaps; not knowing that a fresh out
break is about to occur.

In Ugeraticm 4‘: the Phi; Genie. W115 us that; “an invam‘on takes place on
a lake," and fallowing this it givm us the furﬁhm‘ campﬁcmtion in which
“it: becemes necmsary t0 nascuaa living samﬁcs‘: m a god.“ This would
suggﬁt that there ‘ a lake: (m the Fiend where swarms of the invading
enemy natives attack the pimmaticm, and we have: a read war in progress
The making of a living sacriﬁce to a god suggests gaganism. Gonseiqumtly,
We must make pagans of these: enemy natives.

 

The questions are: ‘vVhy 1's thqsacﬁﬁw mammary? To whom is the
sacriﬁce to be made? Wine is sacriﬁced? Ami. how?

At this paini in our story we can use the. girl :0 assist us in accompr

[21]

g.

 

 

