4,.

 

 

ACTION—ADVENTURE

Time AafEGn-AdveHMm Siary

Careful obsexvation of The ﬁctimrﬂdvenmm Scary mmei thin: the
plot deals in gmmai with the efforts of iradividuairs to achieve, sue: 1% in
some perilous adventuro; the kitmduction of obstacksg the appositimn 0f
opponents, the situations of jmpzxrdy which follow, a certain amount of
thrillimg Chase 01‘ pursuit, same. speumcuiar action and a smashing climax.
This, in fact, is an outline of the plat that will be. faund in most of them

    

Of course, there are adventure stories which have 110 plot to speak (7f;
They are simply interesting narratives describing the experiences of an i1?
djvidual ‘WE’EO net only is confronted with jenpardy hut: 1'5 involved in ghases
(31‘ life, wherein many ﬁnter‘esting dismveries may be enccumercd, yet the
amen is not of a dramatic 1121mm. In such stories there may be my speciﬁc
{31‘ single capponem; in the: form of a human being. The conditims in which
the adventurer. ﬁnds himself comprise. the only antagonistic element. The
story of Robiasen Cmsue may be said to be 0f this type. Many of {2116
stories contained in the Arabian Nighta, whﬂc “very interesting, are pm:
nmtive.

I mink it is safe to say, however, that the average: ﬁcts'csn market of
this age. demamﬁs a plot story. Without 1:131:11: there um be but little sus'
pangs: and wherever Chem is saxsgmse theme: must be: conﬂict, an eiement
W'hi'ih holds tilt: interest of almost everycytm Iicswadays.

\V-za iike a goud adventure stew mt 0.17135; because: we are permitted to
accompany the protagonizét 'and ha thrilled at the. iateresting discowzries
which he makes but because we' are: aiw enabled to Mutams the: manner
in which he extzicates himself or ethane from situationsof gram: jeopardy.
It seems to be a human characteristic far us to enjoy wiméssing a battle
betwaem two opposing forces. The more nearly matched they an: and the
greater the uncaxminty as to the: {mtcmmeg the. mare interested we bacome.
. : applies m everything from 9. cock ﬁght to a majur mgagemeat bu,
tween armies‘ However, it must: be noted that we are always more in,
teres‘md in a conﬂict betwaaen indivichials, and particularly between tha
principal charactesm whom we have learned to know, than we would posr
sibly be in a batik: beamvam mobs, armies m” mechanicai devices.

     

[7]

g.

 

 

